Oh
[Music]
that
I have in mind the pose and everything is
mine that I no longer want anything that is not
with you with you with you with you
with you with you with you
[Music]
that the night without you hurts
I have in mind the pose and everything is
mine that I no longer want anything that is not
with you
[Music]
[Applause]
me
[Music]
k
my
heart Always been the one to say the
First Love and
l milon Times to get to know Just what
Yo
Fall my name like I have never heard
before I'm but this Time I know for I
hope I'm not the only one that feels it
[Music]
all all
could
[Music]
[Applause]
I wonder when you go
[Music]
You can do whatever you want for
me
my
Yo
[Music]
[Applause]
should Don't you
Don't you
[Music]
wor be all Every G be all so Don't
You Don't You Wor
about
be Everything G be
All Be All Be all right
[Applause]
St p o
this Just how we do it baby This is what
we
say say Don't you
[Applause]
[Music]
Don't es
[Applause]
[Music]
I have
off My Face don't know where I amuse I
Got mys from Amsterdam
[Music]
my Jesus
said My Face don't know where I amuse I
Got mys from Amsterdam
[Applause]
[Music]
damn
history that they mayen When you're gone
I'll Tell Them
you Kill the
[Music]
king with
my Jesus
[Music]
my off My Face don't know where I amuse
I got mys from Amsterdam d
[Music]
moving I can't take no stop what I'm
doing so I can p the TR
[Music]
damn
Yes I can
See Every Girl H W
Oh she's
[Music]
to
Don't She to Slow
Down the around
She's Nothing like a girl you've Ever
seen before Nothing you are to your
neighbor I'm trying to find the words To
This the That moving I take no to stop
What am I doing?
p try to find the words To This girl be
[Music]
damn Girl
riv motherf
river
[Music]
[ __ ] Pick
dress and hairstyle for the expensive occasion
crying with laughter face crying with laughter
face crying with laughter
[Music]
Sir, gentlemen, today the gossip revived
We're going to a wedding, long live the bride and groom, hands
clapping hands clapping hands
clapping face crying laughing face
crying with laughter face crying with laughter
[Music]
You are beautiful, my dear, and a little kiss
three less than
three Oh
[Music]
put
bring the action I want to feel your
[Music]
cuo action
I want to feel your
[Music]
your body next to mine because my no
has been cold for a while If you
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time if I tend
cold If you
I want to feel your body next to me
mine because my
Hello hello hello now now what
such Hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello
Hello now you should hear good that
Good night, how are you?
muted daddy that many
Thank you. Well, thank you very much.
I will start with you like this
It's good, first of all I don't know if I'm going
to silence notifications
It's not that since I didn't notify them
notifications as non-notifi les
notifications like not muting them
notifications like don't mute us
We're going to find out about anything today, let's see.
you can't put it either, you can only put it
mute
[Music]
to vary the sound so that it is not a
by
an Ah
look, I want your
body
Now okay, I'm going to leave it like that.
notifications today eh
because if not we would not find out about
nothing if not we don't find out anything
Well, how are you?
At the hour and 5 he talks about Javi from wismichu
Yes, we have to be careful not to eat me.
The screenshots are worth seeing.
avoid them mostly for reasons of
legal and not give it further dissemination
Okay, Dallas gives us a heart attack with it.
Dallas video, well, I wanted to
I don't know if I should start directly by putting
the video or commenting on other things today
until the people come because
It's actually been an hour and a half since I did it.
has uploaded There will be people who still haven't
has finished
see
Cook Cook There will be people who still don't know it.
has finished
see There will be people who are finishing
then maybe while they go
entering already
What I ask of you all is to see Me
I would have liked to start the video earlier
whether to start the video or not to start the
directly before the plan was that he was going to do it
I was going to publish it as it was already or
be when I told you the time at which
I was going to start straight away, what I told you
at 11 it was because he was around 99:30
by
there I was uploading what happens
that is clear while it has been processed
while checking and all the
It took a [ __ ] while to check out the roll
Of course it lasts 2s
hours to see eh There are people who have
Seen
There are no people who have seen it
I understand I wouldn't have liked to start
before the live and having left it or rather
I should have started earlier to start more
early and on the other hand so that the
people would have seen it and seen it here
new so as not to steal your visit because
Man, I almost got a job that you
you don't [ __ ]
things maybe another normal video and
everyday current that one catches us
live uploads it we react to it but
a video like this you already know that too
respect this year with the theme of rewind
that there were a lot of people on Twitter
saying Javi But you were talking about the rewine
Let's see, I was saying about the rewind. I was saying about the
I don't care what he said but point number one
I'm not Dallas and I say this for people who
It's been live for 3 hours.
waiting for the video to be uploaded
and put it on your live
See, I'm not going to comment on that, okay, but
obviously
I understand both parts, okay. I have it.
tried to see in 1.5 But there are times
that you can't There are times when you have to
be attentive
yes five there were five and five Ah and 5
hours you mean no Victor Let's see me
No, I don't know, last year I didn't.
let us respect each other
this year respect react remember in
You always made us wait halfway.
life with music before starting the
direct I can almost hear you in the background
say hit the Roulette Yes but today I have
left the music also to leave is
that I'm letting it run a little bit
the time for people to
see the video was at 80,000 views
only 50 minutes No no but that's it
royals will have double
Javi, I'm sure the end is 47 seconds.
They were worth it, I told you yesterday
I told you so
I told you yesterday yesterday, the final. Eh
Well no spoiler for those who don't know
have
seen Javi removes the alerts that are not
He is silent and it is unbearable to see the stories
lowered okay I'm going to leave them like that low
I'm going to leave the alerts low like this.
except those of the texts the texts If
I'm going to let you read it, if the
People are donating and it's because they want to
say something
and well those of you who have it
seen those who have already seen it in its entirety
What impressions have you got?
given is already my wism Cook to see wismichu to
the best thing is to get a little bit, no, probably not.
maybe some hint for Win
michu there is
not tremendous Masterpiece is not a [ __ ]
the video is outrageous
it's a [ __ ] outrage
video let's see let's see let's see it
directly no I don't think so I don't think so
Let's see it directly and I'll go to you.
commenting on little things while
we are watching
No, that video is not a million followers.
totally let's go in fact the first thing that
I wanted the first thing I wanted to thank
You know that I never start or nor
I never talk about numbers or topics
nothing like that either Yesterday was a
special day Hey but listen to me
Hey, the exclusives are the exclusives. And
yesterday
we got a couple of exclusives
powerful your reaction will last 7 hours
Well, that's it, that's what it's all about.
the reactions that are contributed not Ramn
Today is the day has been the best hype that
you have given in these years that I have been with you
seeing less than three Ray I'm glad
Let's see the video, I think it's more or less
been what I expected no or rather it is a
video more or less fair does not catch every
one what it is
not everyone understands what it is
Not everyone understands what is not good.
said yesterday spectacular or rather without
senseless
jav meaning
oliveira at this moment I think that
still topi in several countries on Twitter
okay or so it's [ __ ] crazy And it wasn't because
something bad and it wasn't because of something bad that
It is also important not to also
value and well 20,000 viewers yesterday
here
I'm listening to the exclusive in the minute
of gold eh 20,000 spectators here and the
channels that are in the wings I don't even know
Which are taking away from I John great
brother all news the nation I don't know what
which are I don't know if they are channels like
television not football Max I don't know what it is
or Mexican football, maybe not brutal
brutal
Okay, here I am, watching the gossip. This is what I
You sent it on Twitter and it goes here
seeing the
Salseo for an hour was ibai here
hooked until we release it
exclusive eh And well, check out TikTok
the expectation that the video had
Dallas and everything that Dallas was going to tell
that the tiktok that uploaded yesterday a
Hug Andy, Jesito, Aiden, it's worth the tik tos.
Well here's one tomorrow it explodes
internet with 2,200,000 visits the others
They also have many visits but about
All this that he has goes to the million and
This 2 million and something or so this is a
[ __ ] madness And
Thank you, thank you all, the truth is that
I'm a bit hungover and I had a great time
very well the truth is that I am with a
a little bit of a hangover and I had a great time
good
okay and nothing let's see the
video let's watch the
Jimbo's video was epic, let's see
the video let's watch the video and we'll do it
commenting ok Javi you will see it complete
I'm going to watch it completely, of course.
I, I'm going to watch it completely and I'm going to
be
I don't know if contributions, I don't know if
call it contributions
nuances not evidently
but let's see some parts I've already seen it
You know, don't you, those of you who have seen it all?
Those of you who have seen it in its entirety already know
I ask the last 47 seconds how are you?
I said you already made the furniture. No, not today.
I did nothing today I did nothing the video that
put of auran has broken my heart The
I really understand, I understand, let's go
to comment Okay I've been dead in
the bathtub
brutal no no the video is a the video is
a scandal eh the video is a scandal
he
video the video is a [ __ ]
wow, the video is [ __ ] awesome
barbarity But let's see, that's what it is
what you know or something else there will be things
uncomfortable that bothers you any of the
protagonists but let's see no I can't find
the way to disprove anything
exclusive When will the second one be?
part of the video to see the only thing I can
say about the second part of the video It is
that I think is not recorded, I don't
I'm not happy about anything but seeing you so handsome
Kiss my darling, I have to do it tomorrow.
return to the
gentlemen
Auron's bullying, well, let's go.
let's see it let's see it Okay I'm going to
challenge a little bit here the nonsense that
You're putting me on Twitter here
dancing okay I'm going to dance here
challenge him so that people know
that we are live I would have
I liked to start before, I'm not going to go straight to you.
to lie, eh, I mean, if we had started
before directly [ __ ] would have been better
It would have been better, but anyway, let's go to
Let's get down to business, I have to tell you
several little things today but we will go
commenting as they arise is okay
Well first of all I wanted to be with you
the thumbnail and the title but I miss it
It came out here Ah well you see it here
up is worth auron And wine born for the
side
[Laughs]
dark and the miniature is Star Wars style
we are not going to
I warned you about trouble but you ignored it
I went and put the video on. Damn it. Sorry.
Grandpa, today I am very violent and I stayed
halfway through the video XD and I'm dying of curiosity
calm down because I'm going to the bathroom calm down
because I'm going to the bathroom and I'm going to bring myself
the bottle of water that I'm looking at that
I forgot okay So I told you
Calm down because I'm going to the bathroom and I'm leaving.
to bring the bottle of water that has been left to me
forgotten give me a second
Okay
Roman a kiss King Thank you very much
Look, while they come, no, I'm not going to do it.
to put on speed because I want to go
listening to everything well well well
Okay Roman, a huge kiss, king. Many thanks.
thanks while they come out
notifications from the 20 Roman members
I go to the bathroom and grab the water bottle.
It took no time
Okay
I want to feel your body next to me
mine because it has been around for a long time
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my time
FR I want to feel your body next to me
mine because my soul has no time
feeling cold If you
I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no time if
I'm cold if you feel cold
you want I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no time
being cold If you
you want I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no time if
I'm cold if you want it
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time feeling
cold Yes
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time if it freezes
sier I want to feel your body next to
mine because my soul has no cold time
Yeah
I want to feel your body next to mine
because my soul has no time
the little bottle of champagne to accompany
can't hear hello hello hello hello hello
Hello, well, let's get down to business, let's get down to business.
Come on, I'll put it again from the beginning
I warned you but you ignored me
I went and now you seek help from this old man
lonely
[Music]
[Laughs]
How did you end up with this, uncle, when
you have seen how you have been left with
When have you seen this, uncle sa?
that this This is very crazy because of course
people people expect something like in
super formal plan serious and entering leaving
from unig there half blurred half
glitched wouldn't be the word and it's like
But what is this old man doing? This old man? I
I've seen him, I'm Mr. Eria, how handsome
are
milk Thank you Chari darling a kiss
huge a huge kiss tomorrow we have to
Well tomorrow the day after ok we'll go back to the
Your Honor, this is tremendous, whatever this is
tremendous this is cinema this is cinema
[Music]
Don't be discouraged because when everyone
they failed I was always there for you
[Music]
side We've all seen how you behave
late to
same and
[Music]
Now you come in search of truth and
truth you
grant And the truth will grant you Let's see it is
that I honestly had today I uploaded a
video to the main Channel in which
we were commenting, I don't know if the other
day we comment on two or some of the
Videos of Dallas fighting with him from 2013
These people and now the time to see this
for Dallas it has to be medium
orgasmic, that is, imagine after
so much of so much [ __ ] Yes really O
It is because of what happened with this
people now suddenly that the time for
finally proves him right When no one has
been on your side in fact the position
that the internet has had has been very
Please always give Auron and be Auron
very
dear and and of I saw and of and of D always
very against repudiated and all that stuff
So now people watching the
videos from 2013 meets a
Dallas has been Sensible for a decade now
that is really quite sensible for the
age that he had at the time
I was running and what was happening
I honestly don't know if anyone has anything
to object here but I think you see it
I think it is like that
objectively they would have put me in
jail maybe eh if they were me
doing that experience there is no such thing
like luck Do it or don't do it but
I don't
you try to lie well it would be necessary
okay if I don't
I'm mistaken if I'm not mistaken there are three
episodes if I'm not mistaken there are three
episodes but in this video there are
two spoilers first spoiler that
that
we commented are three episodes but in
This video has two
that they remember all the
lies they have told in the past or
that at least no one would remember
them and luckily for them I
I have a very good memory in this video
You are going to see the whole truth because
Especially those who pretend to be the
good are especially the worst and it is
quite curious ironic you know why
not those who notice the good ones are the ones
worst that ending left me with my mouth open
open a kiss Maria a kiss the end
It's tremendous, eh, I mean, I said it yesterday, eh,
I said yesterday the end is a before and a
then on the internet and it will give to the
gossip channels, especially content
Awesome content and lots to
reuploads for tiktok for short for 1
a thousand reactions
videos when they talk about those who go
They are good but in reality they are the worst
I think the position is clear and
This is really the objective that I
I know that obviously the people who are
against Dallas no I mean in this
video the characters are Dallas vin
auron there will surely be some barb for
wismichu there will be no place for
wismichu
Hey, those who are for me, I think that
information is
objectively these days we have been seeing
Felipe's tweet from that time, I don't know
How many videos have I made of Felipe?
360 of the time with direct cl with click
of his videos is a disgusting guy who
does not have the
ability to say anything to anyone or
I would still like to hear one
explanation of the tweets of
Felipe vale Who are those who are at
side of one and side of the other then
those who are going to be there and from
Here from here I want to make a notice to
nave
before then later I will go into more detail
depth is worth
but everyone will have their
everyone will have their answer
answer if you start playing and pinching
and click and click
then don't go crying when you
postpone it later I'll come in later
more in depth is worth many years ago
putting up with a lot of people calling me
liar, I experienced truly horrible things
and as many of you already know, I was on the edge
to finish it all in 2013 But in the end
I endured and this will help you
I also endured the lesson And as
Time always ended up giving me the
reason for many years I have seen
Scum saying
one minute of video and it's already there
victimizing scum who then defends
to Luis Micho and another
people let's go look for the
word
victimize and let's see the definition
okay the concept of victimization comes
referring to the number of reported events
by people in which they manifest
be victims or harmed by any
criminal offense wait no that this is already
It is a definition as very legal no
to make people into victims or
animals are worth it
eh the topic of
a person is becoming a victim
victimizing when it is being done
play the victim and not do it
It is in the case that a person is
telling his experience in which he has
been the victim is not being victimized
is the victim without objectivity
you understand the message of
Dallas the What
I know that I don't understand the message
dara are you going to tell me
I'm amazed by the ending, don't worry.
calm down, that's it, it's just that, okay, whatever
and send eggs sends
eggs say he is victimizing himself and that
then you go victimizing them
liars that does have the
lies caught too many But
objectively
objectively it is worth
Ah, okay, without objectivity you don't understand.
the message is not but it is not here there is no
nothing to understand here the data is
objectives here there is victim and victimizer
there is no more
That is, here there is a victim and a victimizer, me.
I think that in this video it is
completely clear everything there is
what has happened and what has not happened
live through horrible things for many years
You already know I lived the story of
biggest harassment that had ever existed
to date on YouTube
Spanish-speaking years of being seen as
the most horrible person the worst villain
from the platform so that in the end
After many years of fighting for the
truth is that people would end up giving
realize that I always told the truth
from the very beginning and that is why one
I have said it many times but
I want to repeat here again I want
thank you all again for
open your eyes and although it is true that the
People's support is not what gives you the
reason but the truth is the truth and
irrelevant point If people support you or
No, that's true. It's that I personally
emotionally and I am very grateful for it
at the end of the day even if you realize it and
you know that you are right it is not
nice Also have a lot of
people doing the stupid things that I
the previous children did to me so
again once again thanks for opening
the eyes Thank you for noticing that
from the beginning I was always there
telling the truth But what are we talking about?
today to talk here Today we are here
to talk about Auron and his girlfriend
villin or Ral and Sara who are his
names I want you to know that this video
You probably see me differently
clothes because I'm going to be working on it
several days In fact I have found up to
the complaint I filed against him at the time
Auron to Villin and other colleagues of his
From that day we are going to read it There are things The
It is true that honestly small
details that I didn't even remember about this and the
The truth is that it has cost me quite a bit
record this video and above all get to work
record it because it has been so [ __ ] that
had to search and these are things that
Honestly, they make me feel bad.
Even though in the end with time this
victorious over everything does not cease to be a
part of my life that I think anger that
All this will pass, I will answer the truth
also to all the doubts that if it
What they say about them is true or not
things that people say happened and the
people are not sure if it is true or
not of things that they are saying that
They are not true And we will also speak for
assumption of the people who were previously theirs
friends are already dedicated to denouncing the sayings
before starting that both auron and
villin in the past have asked me for forgiveness
for the things they did to me in the
After this you can see it in videos
public of my channel but I want
specify very specifically that this
It doesn't mean that we are my friends or
colleague or anything we don't even keep a
constant contact I always told you and I was
sincere that if someone were my friend
would defend
death How do you think the turbo
interpret This video I of people like
Turbo plan I don't think it interprets anything
Okay, what I see is watching the video
with two tambourines inside his head
trying to see what glue to put on each one
Second, if you ask me my opinion, I will give it to you.
say
Honestly, maybe we'll talk once.
every few months and something very specific and
concretely you all know that we have not
We have never collaborated on anything nor have we
seen in person nor do I have any
kind of need to defend them or
nor attack them as others do
because I don't keep any kind of
interest and everything I'm going to say to
The following is the truth and nothing more than
the truth is as I have always done as
I have always said and I don't care who
you may like it or whoever may like it
dislike and I really tell you I went too far
many many many many years
hating it because you know what they did to me
horrible things but in the same way
I have also tried not to be resentful
with the people who have apologized to me
try to do something at a level
staff at least wipe the slate clean
new But of course I don't forget the
things that happened And there were
many things that is what happened happened
to the [ __ ]
For now we are going to give this one to you
four appearing in your house is already something
Personally, I have not been
I didn't like how they approached the topic at all.
in their live shows I think Honestly Good
I honestly don't think so.
objectively and people have realized
realize that many of the things that
They have said they have minimized them
tried to pretend that it was never that
happened and obviously they are things that
people end up catching you
because the internet has memory if you
you lie now you think that maybe
you get something I think I think
Sara and Auron when they return are going to
recognize things that you may not have recognized before
They have recognized okay maybe I am
advancing something of the video is worth it
I'd better get ahead of myself but I think
that when they return they will recognize things
that perhaps these days they have not
recognized worth I don't know if things about the
Jeremy's mother I don't know if things about him
black humor or what is true what is not true
they did but they did but I don't know what
worth in these
days we have been trying to find the
The truth is worth it And the truth is very
complicated for those who were not there
to the top at 100%
Okay, my experience is worth it.
experience I was a follower of in
Twitter okay I was a Twitter follower
around that time in 2013 I and I had no
I saw it, okay, I wasn't interested, I wasn't
It caught your attention at first, okay?
I knew there were people there like that
I talked and said things and such But I was
follower of one who is called
see them Javi if they came to throw you
stones at the house and they will accuse you in
the internet besides making fun of a mother
with the missing son t
you would forgive
Depends
depends
It depends on everything that is forgiven
things eh like that of
the thing about the missing son of course
something that most people don't
We have lived it and we will not see each other in the
situation never I hope it's worth it but the thing about
for example, things made of stones to your house and
Besides, that is something that has happened, so to speak.
It has happened to me personally that
people from the neighborhood Maybe I'll give him one
throw a stone at a window and then find out
whose it is and then they come asking you
sorry about time you understand me Yes they are
things that can happen are things of course
that can happen It depends
It depends, Dallas versus Javi, the best.
world debates a kiss Kevin
Thank you very much, eh. Now about the mother.
of the child, you know that depends on many things
things depend on many things but of course
I can't put on the skin of a thing
that I have not passed, okay, it depends on me
I tell you that a woman does not forget and
she said it on the call the other day
He said that I'm not going to get off one
something that has happened and has happened and has
past and I'm not going to say otherwise than
It has happened and well, it's worth it that I tell you
I'm sorry if they've changed and such. I'm sorry.
I understand and but I don't forget it and
that he had not denied a thing that had
past Okay now
Jeremy's mother left what she left
It was clear that they did not participate as
in the harassment of
call her
give him false whereabouts about his son and
things like that apply to auron and
about villin what did not get off the
the woman's donkey was the one they had put
some tet Okay now the information is fine
that we had was the one we had
information we had was them
They denied that they had posted any tweets
when there was some tweet, well
honestly a couple of tweets
we found were not at the same level as
the tweets of the others but a couple of
tweets were worth a couple of
tweets that I had eh sell please
advertising to channels with 200
viewers are not banned, okay people
that people who want to mention it like that
advertising not because they come precisely
That's why Google should pay and that's it.
this
So I understand that it is
Thank you very much Nerea, I understand.
which is a human reaction when you
It's embarrassing, I understand that it's a
human reaction
that you are ashamed and that you love it
deny what you want to deny and on top of that if you don't
There is proof because there is no proof
whatever there are are those two tweets and a
Itaa's mother's response tweet
that sincerely
And this is the impression I had in
the call I was on
Okay, I know there are a lot of people who can
say Javi no no no I had in the
called and I interpreted it within
the call I had apart from that
woman did not get down from her position and
others
also yes, but on the other hand
I have to admit that I love women
I saw, eh, certainly that I mixed things up
of the
the internet mixed things up, mixed these up and
things that had been put by each other and
things like that okay it was a call
from an hour and a half to an hour and a half
I think it was and I can't tell you
literal words of everything but more or
less so generally to me
The impression I got was that yes
It is true that there were things that
women of the internet mixed that they
I had seen one of them and I wanted to have them
I've seen it on the other and it's a normal thing
That is, what has happened to the woman, what
What you least expect is that
know each user is worth it but
Yes, I tell you that some tweets from
villin had of auron not of auron not it
the only one that has been found of auron
regarding the subject
Jeremy was
that's over here Axel Axel all this no
You see, all this was born with you.
interview regarding the topic of Jeremy de
auron the only thing that was found was a
clip in which it is not that it was found
It is that it is uploaded to your channel which is not
that it is not even deleted from your channel is worth it
in which Auron eh calls him on the phone
It's not that I did a live show with
parked but calls him on the phone
3 minutes and he plays a joke on her
Jeremy and Auron laugh and hold him.
phone a hug Javi you come from the
YT gossip and you move just as well
with those from Twitch Thanks for your time
kiss a kiss thank you very much okay that's it
The only thing that was found of Auron that was not
It is justifiable of course
horrible it is horrible but in the end it is
more or less what auron told him in the
call Hey look we ask you
Sorry for having laughed at the
thank you on some occasion and not having them
cut something like that and not have condemned them
not having cut them we had to
having condemned something like that at the time
He told him something like that, he told us so
that we can ask your forgiveness is for having
allowed and not having cut him off and having him
laughed at the grace ever something like that is
what Vale said then about whether
I would forgive that or not depending on the level
It depends on the
level depends on the level of what there is
made that person ask me for forgiveness
Of course it is very complicated, it is a very
complicated eh a son hurts a lot and
Well, eh, I think that when Sara
come back to the best he would recognize himself
things that were previously unthinkable
but I believe this because of the two statements
that I have seen that has been put
It's worth something but in reality you sink deeper
still in misery it is true that they have
tried a way to apologize to
the things they did but it is also
that they have denied other things and they are true
and people have caught them So I come
Here too, that is very important
man the best thing is that I understand
which is a human attitude, eh, that gives you
shame something you are ashamed of
something from the past that you can't cover up and
that you regret it and deny it deny it
deny it but then it is that then and
Taisa has been very good and Taisa is for
put an altar to it, obviously Axel or
sea and that has been it, I think that's what they
They value it, eh? And I think that everyone
world is appreciating it eh That woman has
been to put an altar to it
contributed has been contributed
Hey man
that he even sent a video because he
We said no no, I didn't call her.
recorded if you want to send me a video
audio or something so people don't
believe that I speak through the mouth of anyone who
I'm lying and he sent me a video to
clarify look what a villain he did
were tweeted
What a villain what he did was a but
Villin did not participate in the calls
These are the things and other things, it's worth it, that is to say,
better someone else tells you how it is
[ __ ] off and let everyone believe what they want
that he wants and if people are getting to him
throwing at his neck that he throws that he throws
Joke that made me lose strands of
hair is worth it, that is very valuable, eh
It is very good
person is a very good person but that
Finally, what I wanted to say by stopping here
the video H that if you lie at the end you
they're going to catch the lies, the lies
In the end they catch you and as they catch you
lies in the end are worse than you
take the lie that you have to recognize it
because look, if I'm going to put on
the earphones better be if
first they would have recognized everything Hey
Well, look at this, this and this would have been
as more
I'm not going to tell you that it's forceful
would have ended on other occasions
many times you tell the truth from the
beginning boom and the topic is cut off. Well
Look, I'm not going to deny this. I did it.
This was another time
he was an [ __ ] he was a bad person and
such and such and such but in this case not
was going to be cut because in this case I
what I have seen I don't know if you also
well but in this case well yes
You've probably seen it all the time
world I have seen as there was
many people
interested in burning auron Play a
villin was like this is the opportunity
We are going to take advantage of it and it was no longer because of O
may it be the last, ...
It's not even because of the
Jeremy's mother has already started to
scratch scratch scratch to see where
they threw you know well damn this has not
That's enough, let's get something else out.
Oh, we're not going to get this out either.
another lie things they have said
recently and also not so recently
Recently there are many famous people and
rabble who are taking advantage of this to
gain fame at the moment and these people
It is convenient for them to lie to people and
make them believe something different because
have some kind of interest either for
one side or the other, I don't have it
In fact, I am very clear to you that it was not even going to happen
to make videos on this topic there were
lots of memes of people saying it was
Dallas The King of Controversies and When
They needed it the most, it disappeared.
I have seen it and the truth is I can tell you that it has
It was very funny. Thanks for doing it.
Those memes amused me a lot.
reading the things you have said about
The truth has sincerely made me
very funny, I mean you can imagine me
at home reading my phone How nice
because it was really funny and
I honestly tell you I wasn't going to do V
on the subject But why because the
I had already talked about all this in
the past I have already spoken about everything in the past
This has been going on since 2013
this topic and since then they were
calling that if you look for F you are a liar
when you literally know that I
They were harassing but in a way
horrible in my own house Januarys
called nis this was the video we saw
the other day you remember on Twitter
really sad characters as can be
be derl auron's girlfriend or brother
of
aome stones taking pictures of me from the
window to see if they caught me without clothes
in my own house Ja the best channel of
Salse Greetings from the USA
kiss I send a tremendous hug
a bunch of crazy nonsense and what
Also as I told you before
We are also going to read the complaint that they
I put the original complaint, okay, I want
that you see the date monit troll of
Montserrat the day I can tell you
me who
I'll tell you about it, I prefer not to do it.
spoiler I prefer you to have
[Music]
I'm not saying gossip for the sake of gossip but so you can see
the reality sincerely but stay
always with one thing Dallas lived in
Monistrol
stick with that and see who behaves
like a harassed person or something like that
to a person who harasses, keep that with you
always because Look it's October
2013 or literally is the complaint
original and I'm also going to tell you why
true why they did not condemn them if I have
decided to make this video after
before I said that I'm not going to do it.
because if we know that, no no no there is no
things you have no idea about yet and
that I will be able to tell you when the time is up
My topics, there are things you know about here
that will be in the video yes that Win me
chuf a mony troll too and And he said that
He was going to [ __ ] the house, they don't say it.
here but there are people who go from
victim and victim have nothing
Let's go, those who have faces like that
cement has honestly started to bother me
my blood has started to burn
the blood see the lies that have been
said publicly that even both
sides are receiving applause for
things are like I know perfectly well what
It happened years ago and people don't know it
because many were not there at that time or
those who were directly there were not
remember because there about those who were
at the time I was telling you that
I was saying it before and in the end I didn't
I told you that at that time
I was on Twitter and I know that it was carried
to say how much bigger nonsense it is not that
People are shocked that he is the one
the bigger the nonsense he said, the more
more followers and more likes and more retweets
and I followed someone called Berlus
that today he is a friend and I don't care
say it because they have interactions in
public and both have a lot of
Followers of my mother Hello Javi
I'm working, a kiss Kevin and if you see
your Twitter which I don't know if it will be the same
which at that time has
interactions with Miare's mother with
miare and with people from that environment more than
I don't know if the other one is still being carried out.
Auro maybe it's worth it maybe it is
but with my mother you tweet
quite a lot because I was checking it out
recently when it came out
You know the topic, but like two days ago. Eh.
And the and the and the verl was the one that was
Hardcore that was one of those who
were better known on Twitter
They suspended I don't know how many accounts
a lot of things Okay
and and I knew Auron and Because they were
his friends and I have said this
many times I don't know how to see him
example like aur's friend no no no
As many people know him, I know him
Auron and Sara because they were friends of
Berlus, I followed Berlus, who was Berl in
that time something like that is already said by him
Proverb: Tell me who you hang out with and I'll tell you.
who you are are all in the same bag
Well, it depends, it depends on the degree of
friendship you have with people
Obviously I don't do everything that
Every person I talk to knows it
What I tell you depends on the level of friendship
and protection that it gives to that person
or what le berluti is now but in
At that time it was Berlus Doning Downing
which was like a reference syndrome
down that's what I'm telling you, that is, it was the
humor of the humor of the time and such and such
I've laughed at things, no, I'm not going to tell you.
to deny I laughed with
things Dallas was not like the main
Diana for them it's worth Dallas was a
more character than they had
They hit Dallas, they hit one
that was called I erased there was the truth is
that they were looking for there was one who was called
iborra who was a character of
Twitter made Peter look so puny.
eel I don't know what happened to him if
will it continue to be there on the networks or not but
Iborra was one who used to boast in
Twitter grandpa I am literally
sitting in front of the TV having a drink
glass of wine This is cinema today
revived the gossip a kiss today
program It's going to be long eh And delete
He was one who was boasting about being a player
From Paris Saint-Germain And then the uncle
on his Facebook and on his networks he uploaded
photos yes yes I am a Paris player
Saint-Germain and everyone else, but oh well
But if I never see you at the games and
The guy yes but I am a player What
It happens that look and now I uploaded a photo of
for example that they had scored a goal and
All the players say, look, look.
I'm somewhere in the middle, that is, tien
character and then there was Manolon who you
I've talked a lot about Manolon
Manolon was a man who put himself in a
glass of milk from a tube, okay, those were O
so it wasn't Dallas that had their as
his as his characters as he as he
From Martian Chronicles the session is on
Crdenas freak who caught people
so that's what they did Well at
pipi Estrada to pip to pipi Estrada Look
In fact, I'm going to tell you something that
Many people have not noticed the pee
Estrada to the pipi Estrada eh
[Music]
Well, to Pipi Estrada, I don't know what the [ __ ]
It happened that his agenda was leaked
phone that I don't know how it happened but I
agreement that his agenda was leaked
phone and they leaked because they
they did something like imagine not in
the moment they were fighting with
someone leaked the phones
filtered the
phones and and by Loli Javi you have
I saw you abandoned here yesterday and today too
face blowing a kiss
kiss queen let's see I also tell you the
Your Honor, the subject is a little bit now
monothematic also still but well to
see if I can come back tomorrow
I have it, I have it very close tomorrow
Goyas, I'm going to try to be there, Loli.
Ok, I have them very close, I'll try.
It's over there with my microphone, okay? Let's see if
I can get into the phones before
for example the fights of these people
they said
[Music]
in t dead and I took aur and I answered you
Javi Well I have 699,999,998 ways
of telling you things and filtering them to you
number there like like like subtly you
He made everything shameless and they leaked the
phones Well then to Pipi Estrada de
Coca and Nano leaked a photograph
so suggestive of pee when pee is
The dog he had died as a
jorai is making fun of auron Play did like
auron Play and berl I remember that
They took many of these photos of the
like the postcards of the
gentlemen that he had died
dog and now when the cat died
the Gift
cat when Don Gato died pee
Estrada tweeted at Auron
telling you I understand what what
are
happening that was there are many things that the
people don't know Now sincerely and you know
I swear by what I have to swear to you
at that time on the subject of
Jeremy's mother I didn't see anything because if
No, I would not have told you in the
Sara, wait a minute, you've put something
you put it or I would have told her or
whatever but I on that subject I
I have never been able to assure you anything because
I don't know and honestly I can't tell you.
one thing that I don't know affected them
Personally, it did affect me.
personally and I know perfectly well what
happened So what you are going to hear here
I'm not going to listen to it anywhere else Oh and
By the way, I almost forgot to say that
You can no longer subscribe to the Channel.
inclusive for you to subscribe all the time
world eh that's a lot of work subscribe
entities this channel no longer accepts new ones
subscribers because this Club closed
It is exclusive for veterans of the
Channel people who have been subscribed here for years
and has never been unsubscribed So
if you want to see if I have uploaded a new video
more than reviewing the review channels
infos if you want to see if I uploaded anything new
because you can no longer subscribe
I feel I almost forgot The betrayal of
Channel well In case you live under one
stone and you still haven't realized
what happened recently with auron and
villin I'm going to make a little summary
the two of them seemed like the most
Untouchables in the history of the
humanity especially auron who was going
without suffering a single cancellation since
the year 2015 Well in the
recent and the cancellation is not that either
outside you know what you
I say the cancellation was not that it was either
the subject of gifts
No, I saw this thing about the gifts and
I've always said it, eh, I mean, I maintain the
opinion I've always had about him
gift issue eh Also I was the one
the only one who exposed this problem of auron
and I was also accused of seeking fame
just like in 2013 if it is the issue of the
gifts that I think yes Win michu and
auron Play are not good people like that
treat their fan
eh, I actually took it quite a bit
I laughed at this topic back in the day when I
I was commenting and I maintain the opinion
Let's see, one thing is that I in a
stay in anything people me
give gifts and I keep them
Obviously I'm not going to throw them away.
The mouse gave me the chair.
This electric mat is what else
There are a lot of things you have asked me
The Mario painting is worth a gift
HM There are a lot of things you have asked me.
free ok I don't remember now
memory of all but yes that when we
we have seen or even HM that by the way
A big kiss, Agustn, I have to give you
send an audio tomorrow I'll send it to you
I'm sure you won't be there now
I wake up because it's 2 in the morning or
maybe yes but Agustn a kiss a
kiss Tomorrow I'll send you an audio I don't know
You can forget the headphones, I'm fine.
Damn my betti, I put it there
now here I have put it now here
But it's another thing when these people
they were smaller and younger
that they were going to book signings and
These events of Lauron and
We are going to dedicate ichu no Agustn 51 to you.
a few words that I don't know
forget that I do not forget Augustine 51
We are going to dedicate a few words to him
and I'm not going to send them to you.
upload statuses I'm going to say when they were
These people were littler when they were
The smallest audience is worth it.
some still have an audience
little whatever they were going to the
book signings and such
things and now they gave him one
craft that was a piece of cardboard
big with your name in glitter Wi
michu like this with lots of glitter
colors now gave him a piece
of paper that I had made as a montage
and it was a flower that said auron Play
Now he gave her one that in fact
We have the joke here because I always
I told you how I gave myself [ __ ]
I'm going to throw away glitter cardboard
I'm going to open them in a moment and then
I'm going to throw them away. This is not a
landfill you understand that I understand that
I have done it with all the love I have for you
I send you a hug, I send you a kiss and I send you
I appreciate it but after three or four
days I'm going to throw it away and feel bad that
You seem ungrateful, no, my son, it's that
If those people, if those people, they were going for
tour throughout Spain and on each tour
I know how many viewers I could have
every show but damn if in every
Tour is giving him 200 [ __ ]
glitter cardstocks are not going to be
save all
Now one thing you give me
stuffed animal something You know what I'm telling you one
t-shirt or whatever but you know the
type of gift these are like
crafts and gives you a diary that
I have written you a lot of Well I do
I read it but then I throw it away. It's that I there
the subject of throwing away gifts there
I understand that there is a sieve that you
are things that you
tires days auron and vin have been
canceled to the point that they have fallen
in the largest well in its history
well from which I hardly see that it is
can recover it turns out that people
do good I so difficult I do not see it so
I don't see it as difficult, there are people who have
[ __ ] there are people who have
Terrible things have come out and there they are. I mean
Look for example at what came out of
he to me to me what came out of czu to me
that came out of ccu to me the thing about ccu me
It seems senseless to me what CCU says
be there ccu normal to me it seems like that
the thing about
Town pass by, they do not make the funa home and for
forward recently covered between
the years 2012 and up to 2015
They dedicated themselves to calling themselves that of
auron and vin man There are strong things
but they were strong in their time no no
you can judge it as if it had been the
last weekend or
Now that I saw people saying oh well
Look now according to Jabi Oliveira.
I can say this because now I'm not going to
say no no let's see my son about auron and
villin when was 2013 we are in
2023 the Demented thing seems to me, let's go
a marvelous explicit form of Nazis no
because they were national socialists. In the
classical sense of the word but
because they just put nonsense
on Twitter they posted homophobic tweets
xenophobic racists harassed people
so in general to any people
really and they did even more serious things
how to post baby photos without
extremity this t is false this t is
false in honor of the truth this tet is
false okay No it is not it is not to loosen up the
otherwise we'll see there were people who told me
the other day
that that that if it fit I don't know if this I don't know
What do you think, if it fit, if it fit?
the possibility that this tweet is not
fake
[Music]
because because they have captured him And
then they have deleted it running but
In the previous twists the
reproductions no. I mean, for example, me
Now I search for an old tet and it appears
We're going to do the test. Wait. Let's go.
do the
test I'm going to put a tweet
my old one
Okay, hey Javi, how handsome, buddy, a kiss
Yoli you always don't what What do I put What
I put an old tweet of mine that I can What
words I just arrived and what elegance
France's is an important day, Pablo
It's a long awaited day. Okay, I'm going to look for it.
An old tet of mine I'm going to put Dallas
I'm sure I have some TT that says
Dallas, let's see what you see, it doesn't appear.
reproductions
Look November 1, 2022 okay Although
I entered and the reproductions do not appear.
never looks
Okay then of course it can't be that no
Maybe someone has found it
and then I deleted it and then I deleted it and that's why
I make so few visits to you, okay javida, what
He will say later, uncle. Let's see, I told you.
that I was going to respect 2 hours that no no
It could have been exactly two hours.
a little less but good so you can see
the video on the Dallas Channel because it
He's done a job, okay? But now now.
I react and you know how I do it
the reactions you understand me if you see the
video and you want to enjoy it without pause
go there in fact I ask you all
that you see the video Also on the Channel
from Dallas and give it a like
monetization and
subscriptions but don't give me the
ass with Dale don't stop it Dale don't stop it
pairs because the video is yours no
is
my lifeless people photos
those who had taken their lives and
It is in a not very nice state.
The question is, what do I have to do with all this?
why I am related to this
good thing for those who don't know who I am
Hello, my name is Dallas, as you may have guessed.
see and I was basically one of the
victims and I say the word with all the
letters that were probably taken away
worst or one of the worst parts of bullying
so But why does it give the or rather gives the subject
The cap issue is like
Spiderman's Spiderman suit or
as in the moving beast they were
dedicating himself to taking it off and putting it on
depending on what you are going to talk about or do
At that time I was recognized
me years ago that it was precisely because
my complaint that they took a call
of attention to reality F the
people who suffered the most from harassment
them and their friends from that time
to do a little recount of
things that gave me a little summary
They leaked my address and they came in two
occasions
to put stones at my house to take pictures
from the street trying to catch me without
clothes, take photos of my street and also
publish it threaten
I really want to tell you something
Uncle I could tell you the story but I prefer
wait to tell it all together when
can while they published these photos
saying that they were going to take my life
as soon as you go out on the street to filter
photos also of my family
addresses your phone numbers to
call them threatening them And by the way
thanks to them the first ones began
totally absurd accusations that
I was a fart when I was at that time
I was barely 18 years old now I just
turn 29 So imagine if he has
time passed the things I see now
same or rather the subject of fart is like that
comes from that group The first ones who
start those insults Not those
accusations to tarnish the name of
someone And then if I don't know my theory
I don't know if he will talk about the subject now every
girlfriend that Dallas had in a
beginning has been
suffering the accusations made against him
to Dallas and when they were separating from
Dallas joined those who accused him No
that is the order of the non-mmo cycles that
passed now I can analyze them as
an adult person much better but in
that moment I honestly don't even know how
I was able to live and conceive them too
remembering that after all it was a
little boy who had just begun his life
adult almost of legal age
just turned and the truth is I love it
They made me feel very bad but
extremely bad so much so that many
You know perfectly well what happened to me
in 2013 that he is trying to endure
endure but they saw a stick behind
another after another after another and to
In the end I ended up getting really depressed
You know I didn't even go out on the street and
that I deleted everything and that I was there for a month
whole that in the end you already know everything is the
what happened to me and I was thinking things
really very bad very serious and they
benefited this and promoted this and
caused this, I didn't leave my house
curtains permanently drawn and only
I was thinking about How to end it all is sad
I say it because I don't even think about it every day.
that something like this could be a possibility
at that moment they really got it
finish Wow I just finished Dallas and
the end By the way, a year ago I told you
around here that I asked my wife to marry me
girlfriend in two weeks I'm getting married many
Congratulations Alvaro, I wish you the best in
your life uncle are you going to invite us or what
my whole mind so beastly of laoso that
They managed to finish everything and no
They had no kind of consideration
none eh Not just Auro or villin anymore
but no one from his group of course and
much less anyone who was
seeing at that moment I had to live
very horrible things at that time
things that again I don't even know how I endured
the truth is 2013 was a time when
people were very poorly informed about
what was happening on social networks and
YouTube in general things were not so
popular as they are now in that
time to have 1000 followers on Twitter
It was already popular So you can
Imagine having 1000 followers today.
Even your cousin has photos of you who are worthless.
your dog has practically nothing left
[ __ ] [ __ ] from that time and from the
that remain like this, nobody remembers what
It happened but I do remember it's because of me
I agree so much because you don't say anything if
Have you seen the video, let them
Enjoy it like those who have already seen it
clear video too I suffered it too
I lived it and it is something that even when I have
In 100 years I'm going to forget about this and you know
It's a funny thing all of you who see
today on Twitter raising their hands
to the head and saying Oh look at the things
what auron and billin did are the same
with them it is not a way of speaking
It is a literal form, they are exactly the same
They called me at that time
liar when I reported in 2013
what they were doing to me throughout
all these years are the
My spoilers, I'll keep quiet. Shut up, why?
you're going to be a spoiler Let it be let it be
Let's see that when everything happened to me
The harassment I went through was looking at me
aside or they laughed at it or
also participated or participated in that
I was going to say that, I was going to tell you about it
I am one of the very few people who
can really talk about this topic with
reason because I suffered it because I suffered it
I reported when everyone was in
I denounced him publicly and
judicially when everyone
applauded the atrocities that they
they did I was the only one who dedicated himself to
report this everywhere I could
and I wasn't with anything I didn't have
no group and he was a very young boy
Too young, too much said in his day
and that's why today there are people who
Call me a visionary And the truth is I'm not
no visionary simply even
for that age I was 10 years ago
I just had a sense of the
justice of what was right of what was
It was wrong regardless of fashion
that there was at that time because before
10 years ago the fashion was to harass the
people on the internet was that if there was a
mother who was looking for her son
disappeared the
It was fashionable to call him to tell him
atrocities to the mother harass the
people for any nonsense on the internet
That was the fashion 10 years ago, and today it is
fashion is being super politically correct
never say anything bad, nothing to offend
another person and of course to denounce the
people
Hello Javi, as your mother, I have been through it
quite bad at first but then not
It has ended better, I'm looking forward to it
I ended it all with a kiss
Silvia and accepted apologies now no
ought
take advantage of it not Alba but if it is that it is
The topic of the moment, dear Silvia, is the
mother of de auron vale And if I don't
I am mistaken because it has had to have had
that going up not to lend a hand to your
son and support him and others not Silvia a
kiss queen Thank you for always stopping by
I said what I thought always always
the fashion of the moment has not mattered
I have always not cared what others do
did and that takes me along my
life to make many enemies and not
be able to be friends with any of these
streamer clowns who are all hyper
false among themselves and that their friendships
are worth less than a half-dollar bill
dollar which by the way not all
evidently to the entire community of my
Javi took her to the altar with his face throwing
a kiss kiss Alvaro a kiss that you
Have a good time, eh? Not everyone, obviously.
But I've already said this a lot.
sometimes because there are things that you never
I will be able to tell There are things that you will never be able to tell
count but around auron Play and
others
and I think he knows this there
people no longer only within the
around auron Play I have said it
many times within the small groups of
the series and things there are people who
they can't see each other and then you
you always see them with the same example
building a little house together in the
Minecraft joking that you
I removed a carrot and there are people who
Javi says, but you participated in the
Skit with people you can't see either
Let's see family, I'm going to tell you.
I'm going to explain again when I say
that there are people who are there playing without
being able to see yourself, I don't mean that you fall
Bad Javi, do you think Auran was hurt?
realize the falseness of the group
people who surrounded him. I think that
Auron is not an idiot to not know
who was fake and who wasn't what to what
He had better not expected that there would be
so many people were going to get wet against him
but he is not stupid, he has many
Years on the Internet and knows what he's doing
To each his own, I know it's fine.
When I say people collaborate with people
and playing with people you don't like is not
I mean that you don't like him like
I can't like the chocas to me
you crash I don't give a [ __ ] I do
I have to agree with something, I agree with him.
I don't take it personally nor am I
obsessed with the chocas I mean me
I'm here criticizing whatever I have to
criticize and when I have to turn off the
I don't give a [ __ ] about the computer
no one, except those I like or
those who give me something or those who
help or those who are good to me or what
that it is Vale when I say that they are
there building a little house together and in
They actually have problems, I mean
personal problems between
they problems that do not problems that go
beyond what I will never be able to tell you and
Then you see them there playing and you
I [ __ ] on the [ __ ]
Host If people knew but of course they don't
They will know and the idiots on duty
because they are fools with almonds in their mouths
head Start comparing it with me
I'm going to the game Of course I'm going to the
squid game with people who don't like me
I like it, piece of abnormal, I'm going to pass it on
well to do my job and grow
Looking out for me
business but one thing is looking for the
business and another thing would be that I
I would play Tetri with him tomorrow
Win
michu or with other people that you
you know
let's see, I could even get into it
the hlan yes yes yes if the hlan there would not have been
past what I would have gone very
probably if they hadn't made a fix
If my companions had not been with me
ignored or they would not have treated me like
They treated me like I don't give a damn
meet that Agustn there, yes
For me, that has some importance
type are things of the Internet But then
There are other things that are not things of
internet and there are people who go overboard
line and brings the internet to life
real Well, to those things that I
I mean there are people with whom I don't
I would collaborate but then there are also people
I don't like him but I have to
share a series where we are going to
cross three
sometimes I cross paths and I am
professional okay but one thing is to be
professional and something else is a more important topic
fat what happens is that of course
I will be able to tell you in life Because there is
things you will never know the audience there is
things that come out of other people or
whatever they may be coming out but
There are things that you will never know either.
you will see none of these so-called friends
of Auron and Villin who travel with them and
who are my best friends you will not see
none of them defend them even the most
minimum because this is a sense who
can this is a host this a no and
no, let's see
today he spoke
Juan
today and for me for the relationship that
They have and others I have seen it very like and
I say this because on other occasions it is
We see Arema and Ari hasn't even said
nothing eh Juan defended him but very like
It is not even well understood why
It is left to free interpretation
For me, what Juan meant is
that are things of the past that anyone
We are wrong that no one is free
of sin and then there are other people who
They have taken advantage of this, I understand.
which is because of the people you all know V
but of course it has remained as such
I was a little short on words
more of your
part I'm missing a little more, don't you
I'm going to
deceive, damn it, let's go for me, Juan
when when London how elegant Javi
where is the baptism
a kiss Ingrid queen How are you?
These people at the beginning Dallas is hard with
auran and vin with truth But have
patience, get to the end of V and see
hard is that the past is hard to this I
I was referring to the fact that I come from the future and I have already seen
the video but this is
Thus, his fame parasites him to the maximum
when they are at the top
Maybe something just came to me
the head uncle answer me in the chat is
It's true that Carch said that like this
Keep it up, he's disassociating himself from what happened with Auron and
from the squid games It is true that
Carch Media has disassociated itself from
auron or I understand it
bad or carch is the one who does two
For weeks we were listening to it in a
I directly say if I have to eat it
deep throat eggs to auron
I'm going to tell them to you
eat my son the day your relative you
kick it here we will be for
pity you, I'm just telling you that
man, the masks have fallen with this
a lot eh And as accepted as possible
when they are being criticized and have their fame
as destroyed as possible Then everyone
be quiet my friend, it's me for you with
they what's going on What's going on what's going on for what
You see the level of falsehoods that exist in
all these groups that's why I'm like No
Thanks, I don't want groups with anyone from
These famous people because they are all
Extremely false, but oh well.
We will talk about that now because there is a lot
clearer on the subject even those who
They are good, they are not good at all, I'm going to
topic many people ask and say are
Are these tweets from Auron and Villin real?
They are fake, aren't they? Because many people say no.
They are edited and it also sounds familiar to me
I'm sure but I think I've seen it
saying no is that there are some who are
edited as I'm going to tell you with
all possible objectivity is worth it because
again you already know that for me it is not
This is not defending one, defending another.
Another no no for me is talking to the whole
possible objectivity and the reality of the
things for much auron and billin hay
tried to lessen the severity of the
things got wetter the socas Kun is not
Auron's friend, Juan, I have missed him.
in some way also justify that
yes, I did all the tweets
that I've seen so far are all
real in fact is that I have not seen nor
only one so far that is fake was
tweets that were posted that were horrible
dirty racist xenophobic lowlifes
homophobic repul the only thing that is
It is true that some of them are
people posting are a little off
In context, yes, the thing about Olimo and Fake
We also saw Javi today
I cried with the Auran chat seeing how
wrote
Greetings out of context in quotes
Because some were more jokes than
They made friends of theirs that is not like
were messing with someone who wasn't
knew of nothing but someone who
He was his friend and he told him, "A barbarity"
But they were friends and already shared that
type of language between them but not
They were talking like they were talking about other people
But they do mess with you anyway.
people from Peru with people from Mexico and others
One more thing I'm going to tell you what came out
it's worth what's publicly available right now
that people have posted does not have a single
10% of the seriousness of things that
They both published at that time no
I speak only of villin I also speak of
auron Play published a number of
atrocities in the complaint
I didn't remember this in the complaint
I put two of your Twitter profiles, one
which was called Auron Zero and another one that was
called Sir Auron Play plus others more than
They had that time Sir Auron Play is
truth is truth is truth
It is true that it is
true, these were all deleted
because whatever was published was
barbarities but authentic atrocities
Imagine having your account deleted.
of Twitter in 2013 that was practically
impossible Here's one thing that's not possible
I understand with the accounts of
Sara because there are people who say that Sara
I had another account which is Sara
Well, for those who don't know, it's because of the
Michael Jackson song that you already know
which is one of my favorite songs
besides the whole life is worth
And it is actually written like this: be jin vale
Well, but of course if you see the interaction
for example this capture Billy jein
clear bilin then she reduced it when
He already became a character, he reduced it to bi like that
I don't know why because in fact it's up to me
I like it better the other way but of course
you see the interactions if the
interactions are like this means that
she who is the same account but has
changed the name, that is, it has changed
the username to the account not that
be another
Note that I am not saying that I had more
account because it would surely have more
suspended accounts or whatever is fine
but this wine is from Sara because
again they were dedicated to publishing things
type lifeless babies without limbs and
not due to birth defect but
limbs, you know what I mean
leaking people's private data
Well, many things. Okay, then.
tweets that have been taken out of context that yes
There are some like one where she says Ah
He is my favorite Mexican because I
I took out of the jungle I don't know what that was
towards a colleague of his at the time is that
again even though they are those very very very
specific ones somewhat taken out of context in
generally they put atrocities and the worst
They have never been caught And why have they never been caught
They have taken it because in 2013 there was no
culture of actually taking out many of
These screenshots are from now on Twitter.
you forgot to delete a screenshot years ago
of screen as there are today
Made in 2013 not so many people had
WhatsApp not so many people had
smartphones were still being used by many people
old cell phones and even when
people saw them, they were not used to it
I took a screenshot because there was
little storage space and those who
They took it out in its day and not even the
they actually preserve, I'm going to tell you one
thing Worth this I think I've never done it
counted I think I have used the
sentence previously this had never happened before
counted I think it seems to me in my previous
video I told you that I had one
time when they made drawings of me and
Photoshops and specific ones
example that was done to me with a
throws a weapon spear in which I am
I put it in from behind and it came out from the front
and my guts came out of my mouth
They had skewered me with the spear, making me
from bottom to top I didn't say it
specifically that it was because I didn't see the
need to repeat it again
I also didn't want to remember it and
also because every time I speak
Of the things that have happened to me there are
a certain group of people who really
It really pisses me off that I don't
They stop telling me Oh, I've forgotten Dallas.
its gluing is like what I told you
At first, those people make me really angry.
They really are really horrible.
They haven't even experienced 1% of the [ __ ].
that no, it is not that they have lived 1% of
The [ __ ] is that you answer them or whatever
they are touching the [ __ ] they are touching the
[ __ ] are touching the [ __ ] and now yes
You answer him and you sink him Oh, he is here for me
harassing because he has much more
followers that I because its because its
fandom because I don't know what it is like son of a [ __ ]
the big [ __ ] Shut your mouth because
I'm going to answer you with two sentences.
put yourself in your [ __ ] place and you're going to
stick crying for a month Shut up, [ __ ]
mouth that I have had to live these
recent years and they would not have overcome it
them but not in 10,000 more years have I
tried to be as unresentful as possible
with the people who have asked me for forgiveness and
try to forget as much as possible but
There are times when he plays because he wants to.
or not what happened to me It is also part of
my work is part of my public life
of the fame that I have for better or for
worse and there are times when nothing else happens
to remember the things that happened but
I always try whenever I can not
give specific details of how each one was
well that drawing in particular is worth it
that I said that a spear is stuck in me
behind And it came out through my mouth and the
my guts were coming out of my mouth, I wasn't there
just that drawing was a drawing in which
Auron Play came out and it was him, it was Auron Play
who pierced me with the spear and I came out
bled out and obviously dead and what
accompanied a phrase that said
next and this sentence is nonsense
of a phrase that said everything was fine, everything was fine
correct takes a spear through the rectum in
that moment the truth Although the
phrase says what a load of rubbish in a certain way
way makes you laugh at the same time is
sickly because that was Auron himself
Play whoever you are and Republic within
his own Twitter profile from the time
think about it for a moment and see for myself
I draw this in
Yes, it is the least. I mean, it depends on
It all depends on the whole context, you know.
m for example they have made drawings of me
that the other one beats me up
leaves on the ground that he picks me up
eh Let's see, it depends. If it's with a tone
threatening if it is with a tone you know that
inside delto you know It depends
It depends, eh. Because it can be funny.
First of all, we must remember
the things that happened to whom
this from a
[Music]
drawing Yes with Johan Planas no yes with
Johan Planas with the drawings that he
they did in that damn thing of the
cartoons that are good because they
He drew while sticking, they drew him while sticking
a text to the
s I within the context really
I didn't see it either and like the big thing about
especially when it's a guy who's gotten involved
with to kisi I don't know what And then he had
retweeted drawings in which he had been
hit him and beat him up
utbh in that drawing you know that's why I tell you
It depends on the context, eh. Let's see.
we are in a context of
total bullying but not real bullying
like the one who does like the one who says that
Johan Plana suffers, do you understand me?
I was posting in this case about me
Somehow fantasizing about I tell you
That is to say, within everything, it is the least
that they draw you a picture of me being skewered and killed
by a spear putting piss in me from behind
and Ela took me ahead with all of them
the guts coming out grotesque right But
This is the only thing that Auronplay did in
that time because he ultimately
My home address was also included
stay with the demonic troll, eh?
I can keep it with the demonic troll
really when I look at you
followers that I had eh At the time
Auron Play already had 33,000
Hey, look at the banner that Coo had.
But keep the Monistrol thing, eh?
because there were many people who were the least
you wait well maybe if you
wait no what happens is that of course
among your circle maybe not no
who has also done similar things
to this in his Twitter bio and more
photoshopping they did of me and him and his
group was dedicated to retweeting me in
people without life and limbs
because they put my face there in the middle
while they challenged him and did more crazy things
They also made faces of things that
were by in and they put me there too in
as in the face of the abuser all this
Let us remember the horrible crime of
having made a criticism of him
He only said that he was dedicated to and
Look, and to this day the criticism continues
having more dislikes than likes 44 per cent
of likes criticize the big channels
the garbage content they made But
then when it was his turn to make content
own made the same junk content
That was my criticism basically that was it
My criticism bothered him so much that
make my life a hell and the truth is
I agree that at that time the videos that
hung up at that moment trying to me
make the Hard as much as possible but
Of course it was the first time I lived
something like that then although I became
hard in those videos that I made in that
a somewhat complicated time to live with more
I have just reached the age of majority or
was under 20 years old and in the end
I added one thing to another and well
I don't want to keep going around in circles
to the topic but the truth is that it was something
horrible I have already made several videos
Regarding the topic If you want to see them
I'm going to leave it here but in summary it was
a bad person he was a bad person
his girlfriend Vin was a bad person and that
There is no God who comes here to deny it.
today nor tomorrow nor ever and there is one thing
that the truth Honestly never
I mentioned that they recently
They mentioned something that bothered me in their
day with the apologies but I didn't want to be
I didn't want to be picky.
apologize well with this you have to
recognize this, this apologies of
auron to Dallas and this but in his day
When they apologized to me they had
things they didn't want to acknowledge
There were things they didn't want to say or
explain And then for example I
I agree that Auron in the video I made
reacting to the apologies he made
He did not want to acknowledge that he knew who
had been wine to my house to throw
stones I do it
I noticed it
I noticed that we reacted to this in our
Day V, who knows what name I gave it
No, maybe I didn't say anything, huh? No way.
I'll tell you to put [ __ ] in there too, eh?
Hello churra, I just arrived from seeing the
Dallas video greetings to the face chat
in love
kiss What word can we
Search I don't know
Let's see this, let's see if it's this way, haven't you?
heard a window break things from the
style that is to say was clearly
in cahoots with his colleagues here
time what happens is that now it is not
It means because as I tell you I don't know
wants to get into trouble with these people
who knows that he gets obsessed very easily
of things and I also think that it can
to think that maybe I can reopen the
criminal proceedings and I really think that
I could reopen if I wanted to but it's just that
the truth was, how are you going to open that
Wait, I didn't hear about this.
last thing I was thinking Exactly the same
same How are you going to open a criminal case?
Now Dallas himself says it.
Dallas himself when he reacts is that
Auron said, "I don't know who."
They were the ones from the but if we knew it
the whole internet in that
moment If that is history of
the internet I think exists, it exists, I don't
There is no doubt, eh, I believe that that existed
Someone actually went there and threw it at him
Something on the roof I think existed.
What do you know, I think that existed, yes
Someone no no [ __ ] you think you don't know
perfectly if you were so over
That's what we talked about, that's what we talked about, yes
If anyone can do it
find that we talked about it I understand that
It is to avoid looking for problems with the
others eh it's to avoid getting into trouble
with the others
eh Because I remember that on the way I
agreement that showed how it had a tile
broken Now I have not gone nor do I know
certain science Who was this false and not
wanted to recognize Who he was when he
He knew perfectly well who he was. He knows
I know his girlfriend knows it and everyone
The world knows perfectly well who was good
rather Who were they Because they were two
one of which Incidentally ended
betraying others because they
They got angry with him and that was the one who gave me
information about absolutely everyone
the others so that a guy can report it
who at that time was called Max Cany
Yes, just as the name indicates, it is very
ridiculous Well it was him and his buddy
Berlus, that's still what they are.
The current Marquis is Dala but with the
help from the people the same amount of
infected garbage of people who were in
that time Authentic because this verlu
It's not that I have any, I don't have any
no problem with him nor have I ever
argued with him or anything on the contrary I
It would have been many years since I returned
to have any interaction with him but
I in my day when I was in the other
group followed me with him too no no
I think he has criticized me in some way
occasion on Twitter for something of me
criticize other people but nowadays
today that Lucy is still spoken to
I don't know if with these, with Auron and with Sara
I don't know if I keep in touch with them.
I've seen interact again since
many years since the last interaction
What I saw of them was a photo that
They went up having a beer but you
I'm talking maybe 6-7 years
quietly, but with other people
with people who don't speak Dalai and
that Dallas has a problem, yes it takes
today with the people who are
canceling aur auron and auron AND
evin yes yes
takes the criminals in fact
They were condemned because they were dedicated to burning
garbage cans in your city that level
of hooliganism of a sick person who
I had in mind was the kind of
person who was auron Play and the class of
person who was also a villin and the
class that person they hung out with
And the truth is that at the time I must say that
It bothered me I never had the chance to
I said it because I didn't want to be picky.
I didn't mean to be picky but I'm saying it.
specifically we all know
I know perfectly well why he did it
because he did it he did it he did it for not
looking for trouble but I understood it in
your moment like that eh I don't know if I said it in
My reaction maybe I didn't say it because I didn't
to put [ __ ] I tell you the truth But to
see is history of the internet I don't know
evidently who threw the stone And such
But what is said in the environment
that was more or less
You know why I basically didn't want to
some way to recognize it all I guess
which has also always been partly my
I was a little afraid that I wouldn't want to
that he would turn back to not the brother
I think it had nothing to do with Auron.
eh No Auron's brother is not Mikani
eh auron's brother was something like
balls or something like that reopen the
complaint now I will explain why they do not
They condemned for this because it is also worth it
Anyway, but it's something that really bothers me.
It also managed to annoy at the time
but I said it doesn't matter Look I appreciate the
sorry I appreciate you stopping
since then And even if I don't want to
do it the way I would have liked it
you apologized I say it doesn't matter it's something that
It happened many years ago and I don't want to continue
fighting for this because in the end you know
that being permanently on your feet
war against someone and be unable to
just forgive and say that's it
my life, I to my life and you to yours and that's it
This is not necessary anymore because in the end it is not
to you but to me from my point of view
of sight ends up tiring me and uncle the
the ending is crazy, don't give spoilers and
let the moment come and live it
magic is worth that, you also know that there is
people very obsessed with me people from
my past that you know is still there today
of those who are obsessed with me and who can't get over it
there is no way to overcome it there is no
way for them to move One step forward
so that they leave me alone once and for all
We are going to talk about some of them here in
the video but at that moment I said
look, it doesn't matter, the same thing happened too
with Sara when she made the video
with me the video that now many people
is challenging on tiktok and putting on
everywhere that we did chatting
where I told him to apologize
they had the video that
They say in the video that they want to plant in
the heads of the people who did it
because she did it under duress
certain points where he did not want to recognize
things that I know she knew but I
I'm not stupid obviously and I don't want to either.
get in there and repeat it to him and tell him no
but recognize because you know who
were Because they were your friends you
admit it, he says, I don't know who it was, I don't
I know who did it, I don't know what, I don't know what
yes you know it you know it I know it and the
We both know you're lying but
you keep lying okay those things to me
They bothered me Honestly I tell you but
again Although they bothered me end of
accounts I preferred to simply get one
excuse me for burying the hatchet
and peace and peace because they made me
a lot of damage in their day and I didn't do them
nothing is worth this I'm not going to say the opposite
contrary, they don't A pause A pause A
pause to all of you who are entering
you know
subscribed to see we are here at 2:30
We have many hours left in the morning
subscribe everyone it's free you give it to
little button you click there you click or subscribe
Okay, no, no, then subscribe. Okay.
subscribe everyone subscribe everyone everything
the world that is right now in this
We are going to put this live on
trend is also worth this direct
we put in trend
subscribe I did absolutely nothing the
The biggest mistake he made was making a
criticism and then at most insults
When they were putting me if we put
This live trend is going to 2000
followers per day eh I also tell you eh
Not bad eh So [ __ ] subscribe
You bastards, subscribe, it doesn't cost you anything.
nothing doing the barbarities that I
were doing is as if not
insult him you know anyway I have something
positive to take from this In my opinion
yes and I'm not defending what
they did I think I have already criticized
enough of all the barbarities that are
have dedicated themselves to doing and specifically
do to me but I am going to say one
thing and this seems important to me
understand it when they ask me for forgiveness
despite not doing it the way you
I would have liked them to do it
recognizing things well recognized
The truth is that they didn't have any
need to ask for forgiveness I mean they could
have done me have done worth I think that
done yes This is referring to this
people who say that what damage that what that
Auron and Villin made peace.
coerced by Dallas many
disgusting on YouTube many disgusting
that right now they are super
famous people who once achieved
a lot of fame based on criticizing me
because back in the day I was a billion
times more famous than any of these
What they did next was simply
keep your mouth shut, don't ask for forgiveness and
pretend nothing happened and ignore me afterward
having actively harassed me
for years and years and years The truth is
that at least as a minimum despite
that new was not the Apology that I
I would have expected that I would have liked it
The truth is that they asked for forgiveness
things as they are, they asked for forgiveness and no
They asked for forgiveness Because many people say
Oh That's because Dallas was going to take out the
Sara's old tweets where one was born and
I don't know what when Sara asked me for forgiveness
those tweets were already public that's it
precisely one of the things that I like the most
strange about the why of the funa now
I will tell you my theories about why the
Funa is worth it now because things have
changed compared to last year
Well last year not 2020 Because those
tweets were already public if I had
made a video about Sara basically
throwing [ __ ] and telling what I
had made the funa it would have been the same
which are the same tweets that they have taken out
I haven't seen any new ones in years.
They were running in 2020 with that. If I
would have also founded Well then one
more is that they were already doing it isn't it
as if I had information
special about her that Ah I don't know what
Because there are some clowns who
They dedicate themselves to saying that he asked me for forgiveness only
because I threatened her and I don't know what not
This is not this, you are not understanding it.
Dallas is fine all right but
not entirely worth it
Hey, let's see this, I already said this.
days Eh Eh
without going into details, everyone
you know I don't know if he will make any mention in
the video some pick or whatever but
everyone knows who took it
superm who can't live with it
the fact that people like auron and vin
apologize to Dallas and shake hands
hands with Dallas that's a [ __ ] thing
which clashes greatly with your plans. Okay
when I was in other groups
People were coming to me with complaints that V
auron that auron doesn't help that auron doesn't
makes a video can destroy it
auron I don't know what that auron I don't know how much
Okay
eh And then apparently there is an ex of
auron Play who started talking things
Auron Play's intimates
Okay, these are intimate things, don't leave.
to scare because they are not things
Hey
bad nor crimes nor anything bad
Okay
because the people who want to make you believe
the others to the internet that have not been
excused
with him because they really want it
peace with him and give him a chance and
apologize
because they find the
guilt are not referring to what damage
you're going to make a video with the twists
And that is what they want to convey is
that Dallas has Sara and Auron caught
by the balls with that information and it is
like but let's see my life but
Let's see if the first thing is that
That information is intimate stuff, you know.
That is, things that you are not getting ahead of
Javi Hahaha Message for aurones
patience is that the whole video No no it
I've seen I've seen things from the video and
apart from that it wasn't so edited I've seen
some things and such are worth it. And
I have not seen him physically in
very whole plan You know I've seen things and
I've played some of them on the radio
of the car and other things, it's worth their farts
They smell like mayonnaise because things like that
style okay look that's a good example
her farts smell like mayonnaise or rather this
people believe that Dallas was going to be a
video saying Hey, well, if you don't ask me
Sorry, I'm making a video telling you that your
farts smell like
mayonnaise is fine
and Dallan had no thought of
taking that out is that it would be an idiot
the person who tells it would look bad. No
You know what I'm telling you, I mean it wouldn't stay
bad the person who takes a video
counting that but nevertheless those
same
people have been throwing
spikes throughout the year and a half Although
then they said Oh no, no, I have not
said nothing I'm talking because I don't
no no no no you've been here for a year and a half
throwing spikes on the mayonnaise on
the farts about I don't know what and that I
I have it and I can do it
Let's try it, Dallas is
It happens to release a video like this against Auron and
against villin and the one who loses is
dala, that is, the one who loses is dala but
in one go, you already know what he did
video to other people has also made
video to more to less loved people than
auron Play and with fewer numbers
infinitely fewer numbers than auron
Play
wine and he hasn't killed them, let's not kill them.
has not even moved the graph a little bit
of Followers and support to the contrary has
If he is caught, what is going to threaten you?
Dallas to Auron and Vin for
God takes Look if it is that if auron yes yes
It seems to me that it is not the case
okay because it was all in good faith and everything
the roll but one gets bad
Dallas could have made a video
Two things happened. Ignore it and the
people even take it the wrong way or what
even if Auron Play gets angry or
billin and make a video for him
Dallas and I
I think I feel sorry for Dallas but I
I think that if Auron decides to become one
video and make up any [ __ ] that
comes out of his dick against Dallas
The tiger falls on Dallas, not on Auron.
That is, the one who loses is the one who gives, but that is what it is
We have seen that Dalas does not have the support of
people in
general me
you understand it's true okay I never
I said, "Ask me for forgiveness or I'll do this to you."
never and I was in the middle
let's see Sara
Sara knew that he knew that he gave her a
video I did know it It's not that I don't know
I would have to see it in the
conversation I don't know if Sara knew it
because I
I said that the dasas is going to you an o because already
when they got together to talk there
found out it wasn't like Oh, I'm going to ask him
sorry for not making a video no
I remember, but threat, let's go.
I tell you no, no
there was how how
I want to feel your body, those things no
They happened like that, yes it is true that I
I was going to talk about the topic and yes it is
true That I was obviously going to [ __ ] on
she obviously but I wouldn't have
contributed something new that wasn't already there
In Funando that is already important
remember him and her through a third party
He decided to ask me for forgiveness and obviously
I preferred to talk about these issues with her
That's what the video is about and that
He also asked me for forgiveness even though
it were not the forgiveness that would have been given to me
I would have liked it to be more sincere and without
I preferred to lie. I also preferred to enter the
hatchet and turn the page because the
It was true that there were 7 years of enmity since
2013 to 2020 of full enmity AND
I preferred to simply enter the H and
say that's it, you know what, it's over here
that many people could also say
Well, but you were going to do it anyway.
make a video maybe I didn't want it to
you made a video for him Okay then let's move on
in the case then of auron auron if not
I remember wrong, we spoke in the year
2017 or 2000 late 2016 or early
of 2017 and at that time we solved
I don't remember if he asked me for things
sorry Or if simply Javi the third
Wow, these pathetic channels are going to do it.
They're going to love it, don't ignore Javi.
Javi the third
olive tree
No, when you see it, you're going to love it.
the third because they say but if it is
that I don't appear in the entire video there is no
no cameo
I'm so pathetic
It's a video but how many times have I seen it?
mentioned let's go please but if you were
was there last night
Here we said to bury the axe of
war and that's it at that moment no
nothing bad was happening to him He didn't
had no need to even speak
with me neither to ask for forgiveness nor anything
Then he asked me for forgiveness some time later
because he had never spoken out
publicly on this issue
You all know that there were rabble there were
Scum who was dedicated to saying that I
I had invented the thing about the stones myself
I never invented the thing about the stones.
He came to my house and he knows
perfectly in the one he did to IB in the
2020 showing all the evidence of what
that he did with podcast included there was a
great funa against him that was
victim that was like that I spoke to him and he
I asked him to please know
perfectly well that I was his victim
of your group and of what they did to me and
I didn't want to continue being taken as
the crazy one because I never
I lied, I have no reason to lie
I never had any problem with the stones.
It was Alo that really happened to me and they were
saying over and over again that Ah, I know it
he invented it he invented it don't mind me and he
what he did if it is true that he asked
apologize in your own way, not as you would have done
liked logically did not recognize the
things as they would have liked them to be
recognized but at least not me
called a liar At least he didn't say that
hadn't happened what happens is that it didn't
He said, I know who it was, it was this colleague and
This colleague that he knew perfectly well
who had been knows perfectly well that
It was also ordered by him that they were in
call above while two others me
Sara and Auron were throwing stones
were on call with them despite
That's what Auron said in his apology:
I don't know if it's true that he doesn't know it
he's making it up or something like that he said but no
He specifically said I know who
were I was friends with these people in
part I am able to understand that is not
I would have liked to have been involved with this
He said, I think, I think that's what happened to me.
I think that's what we just saw people
It is also true that throughout the
I think time has played a trick on both of them.
against not recognizing more
openly Oh people Javi you said that
Sara did know Sara did know that she was going to
be a video I didn't say that dude
I really said that Sara did know it.
I don't know if he knew it before speaking
with him or in conversation with
him but true seeing you
Daniel says
I really am a saint, what kind of people are you?
Same It's not the same Daniel Santom
son yes she was threatened she was
threatened
son the psychiatrist eh these things that
did in the past because he did not
openly recognize them and even
auron lovingly because Sara has
recognized a little more but auron no no
recognize the kind of people they were
at that moment or lie even a little
little bit try to minimize the things that
you did or lied about the things you did
you did that ends up playing against you
In the end I'm going to make a diagram that I
It seems very important to do so because I
seems very relevant in the end
remember them and compare the things that
they have done and the things they have not
made to understand above all what
I was saying before who is worse
person who in the section of everything
what is on the Internet, everything that is
made online they did everything and
villin did all this but you know
who also did all this
literally all of this all of your friends
from that time literally everyone and
each of them did it now
apologize well and not only everyone
friends of the time but some who
They were not friends and were not part of his group
but they wanted to get closer and
I would have liked to be part of your group
today they are joining
the funa for what they did to me and
for what they did in the past too
sauce kiss flower I hope you have
Had a great time at Amparo's live show
How are you? I have to see what he said.
Antonio David today I have not seen that he has
made directly to other people only
I have seen them all these already
We will see below what things they have done
much worse than aurun and billin And of
new this is not to say that what
what they did was less for what they did
because I am the person who has done it the most
fatal past with the whole issue that I
They made me but if we want to be
objectives let's analyze things
objectively and that is that all those who
are now devoting themselves to talking about the
things they did they did
Exactly the same as them but
were unable to ask for forgiveness No longer
better or worse because you know that I don't
I liked the apologies they made 100%
It is neither better nor worse than not
did at all and the things that
They did were much worse but much
worse than the ones they did to br villin
Now we'll see that before I get into that.
I want to read you the complaint because this
that I published at this time dated
2013 is the pure truth and I want you to
You can see very well that everything I have said
throughout all these years it has been
the truth and nothing but the pure truth
and that I have kept my story intact
since then today, July 15, 2013
Hi, I received a 091 call because some
individuals I will mention later
They have thrown a rock with the intention of
break my door which is made of glass and they have
posted several pictures of my house via
Twitter with several threats about that
They are standing guard at the door of
my house and more things a paragraph skips me
since June 14th Approximately
I jumped to the defense of some kids who
that they were doing Cyber Bullying
threatening to publish their number
phone, addresses, etc., all to
through Twitter because a part of the
fight is generated specifically because
As I have said, your villin and all
your group, let's not forget, was dedicated to
argue like that on Twitter a lot
eye what I wrote here eh these people
They call themselves Nazis and
are dedicated to publishing explicit content
such as children of capi mm bodies of
squarti mm people MM and different
mutilations and laugh about it
Somehow they say they have found him
humor to call themselves Nazis
dedicate yourself to uploading these photos so
grotesque and cyberbullying everyone
the world By the way the topic of Cyber
bullying that word from Cyber bullying
They were later using it as a meme
Okay, this group started using it as
meme and I know that in several videos of auron
Play and others in the group began to
make the word Cyber bullying Cyber
bullying that meme was born by me and
done something else that they also did in
that time was shouting long live Dallas to
mock mode shipments and
Twitch sounds familiar to me, Cyber sounds familiar to me.
bullying seems to me to be even a
cover of one of the miniatures of the
Dallas as if it were some kind of meme
when he knows perfectly well what those people were doing
things for their goals they usually choose
quite helpless victims or
unknown but with me has gone every
more and more since I am quite a bit more
known on the internet and my way of
react not towards the same thing as
had all their previous victims
since they used to simply erase the
accounts and it is already at the same time
Getting to know more people has been more helpful
easy to find different ways to
attack me the accounts of these Nazis are
so since these accounts were
deleted from Twitter once and Twitter
I gave them their various network accounts
times but unfortunately they have
created new ones and made a bar again
upload even worse things Here's one
part where I put the full name of
auron and his phone number from that time
Time is fine, but here I put the Twitter
by Auron Cer and Auron Play and Auron Play
I'm not going to put it here because there is
I'm not going to put private data here.
then I put his little friend one that is
that guy who was doing lar berlus
called Bernard was one
This is the one I told you that is
carries on to this day with the people who are
against Auron and Sara Bueno and
Dallas I won't even tell you and I'll tell you about them.
condemned precisely for burning
garbage containers in your city and
He was one of the buddies at that time
of
[ __ ] what the [ __ ] is this? Oh yeah this is it
The photo was uploaded by Dallas on his
day he told me that Berlus was
[Music]
and I posted the photo mainly to screw around and
so that they could see that in the end all the
of his group ended up agreeing with me
to
Well, this Berlus guy is this guy
Berlus, I tell you, met today with
very people
feminists believe the girls
depending on who
sea auron Play but I think that
they are still talking about some
way and the truth Honestly yes
you mean you've changed you should
start I remember that photo too
We talked about it Javi, we have that photo
spoken live to us why to
story of
why change friendships in a
First of all, do not defend
that kind of scum because the fact of
not mentioning them in the apology was something
as I told you before,
Personally, the truth bothered me.
because you know perfectly well who they are and
you know perfectly well what they did
then maxcan and another one called los
balls was the brother of auron Play with
Auron's brother Play By the way
He also apologized to me about 2 years ago.
years I think 2 years for Instagram no
I remember wrong and he also asked me for forgiveness and
I put my number published and he asks for a
day, time and place to beat me to a pulp
and break my legs and put
twitter.com barsar gean I mean billin
which is now called billin with y
but at that moment it was Sara b j e a n y
I put Twitter and I put girlfriend between
quotes I don't know why I put girlfriend between
quotes I think because that time is not
knew in person maybe I'm not
safe and I put up disgusting photos and
is one of the first precursors of
Cyberbullying with her boyfriend and another
friend from the time I didn't remember
This guy was called Der pazo and
continued saying they began saying
that I abused minors was a beder
He was a kleptomaniac yes this too
quite funny this never occurred to me
They said again at that time
They were dedicated to saying that I was stealing
my roommates' wallets
like he was stealing their wallet I don't know
I think they accused me of those things
because they probably did those
I have never stolen money in my life.
I haven't even stolen from anyone
the oil to my roommates
when I had them in the end accusations of the
time no and the fact that he abused minors
was another
level
Uncle Turbo plan okay Turbo plan I'll make you
a summary of the Dallas video for you
don't waste two hours of your life
as I have done Auron and Villin me
They did a lot of damage but Win michu
lot
worse proceeds to throw [ __ ] for 2
hours of win michu for now We have
Here for half an hour I don't know what I think
I think that until the hour does not start to
talk about Win michu No lie I think so
at the hour it starts
speak because then I know that there is a part
From Jimbo, I have seen that one well.
I can hardly wait for it to come
the final video comes out on PS game one
Greetings Javier Oliveria, that is, it's a lie
that he talks about Win Michu for two hours because
the video doesn't even reach 2 hours
Turbo plan but to me it's that you have the
you have huge balls
huge because the guy has hit 3
hours before the Dallas video before
Dallas uploading the video has been a pain 3
hours live like this opening live
to steal the video views from
Dallas and put the video on your
direct you know that I imagine that the
Dallas must have screwed him, it's like
gave at least since you are going to put the
since you are going to put it and you are not going to but
Damn, at least respect it since you're going to
say nonsense at least respect yourself
your visits I do not say I go if it is one
person with whom you have this relationship
and the whole thing, I don't know, I don't know, look at you
that I know that last year it was not
I did it, okay, but look at you, this year
even though I can't see
those people from that group this year I
let us respect each other
iren to upload it to the day
next But touch your balls does not stop
that I saved you two hours of your life
Ah, but you with your balls, you with yours
eggs you have put like that 5 hours ago
live
Oh
Oh, after he says that he is not taken.
Serious
Uncle, they sent it to me by
Oh how good what they have given me
absurd errand that abused me
own mother Ah yes that too quite a lot
LoL is like the lowest things that are
It happens to stalking people to
accusing you is always the same It's always
the same things as worse seen by
society, this is the user of it
Auron's brother Play published my number
phone along with a photograph that
contained my face inside a rubber band
garden I don't know why I think they were
saying that I was too short or something
This is how I'm taller than Auron.
in fact but well they called me gnome because
some reason and a text that said you
Mr. Ral liked to abuse minors
surnames having many followers and
faithful in the world of the internet has been
the trigger for this brutal attack
against me and recently against
my address my mobile phone has
has been completely rendered useless and I have
received many insults and threats
I blocked him and he almost says "Suiso" to his
insults provocations etc. And
then they started threatening my girlfriend
that my girlfriend at the time was init la
How that we will also see friend that my
The most annoying girlfriend is you, leaking
followed my name and your boyfriend
insulting me in a video
[Music]
[Laughs]
public at that time was init which
Later he would dedicate himself to becoming
friend of all these people for the same
time trying to convince them to
file a complaint against me that
We will also see about that topic because
Above all, what they told me is confirmed.
It was the conspiracy that invented a
conspiracy no it was not as it already was
You will see why they confirm it. It is that
It's very funny, you'll see and they will threaten
my girlfriend saying things like she was a
drug addict with AIDS posting
photos of you contacting your family and
with mine too and calling her by
phone and these were things that
They made Ingrid and Wismichu was a friend of
Auron and Villin at that time and laughed at him
the
Thanks I had a cross of words with verl
years ago on Twitter and a third party
opened 100
warning him about Pando recordings of
phone on the internet I also decided to go to
for my family and more specifically for
my mother who consummates walking with her
They started posting photos of themselves
insulting messages and so on
They were a fake Twitter profile of mine
It was appraisal and one called Hello Javi
I have a question, you have said it several times
that Wismichu is manipulated to open the
eyes and such you do not consider possible that
perhaps he does what he does more for simplicity
ego that by letting itself be carried away by those
a
Greetings, but since he has that ego,
They manipulate then they talk about Win michu in
The video talks about Win michu in the
You haven't put the video on me yet and more or
I know less where the shots will go, I have not
seen is paras opened directly it comes
I give you a kiss, Giovanni. Let's see. I thought that
I had opened directly two hours ago
I had opened it directly two hours ago
But we'll talk about Win Michu later.
Because I also want to say a couple of
Hi, little things too, dayas beard aar
advertise this profile but I have been
ignored the impersonation of
identity contacted a famous person
Spain at that time was called
Pipi Estrada, a very careful clown
Okay, and this pee Estrada of the eggs
who was also a friend of theirs because
true if you want to cancel more people
that son of a [ __ ] also published a
a lot of nonsense and began to
publish it also
Same, of course, but let's see, of course, it's that pipi
Estrada Look at what Estrada put
Does anyone have information about this?
pedophile to give it to the police or
Look what Pipi Estrada wrote, eh? And
This is capable and is still public, mother.
mine and Pip Estrada did not apologize for
This, my mother, is the same as they then
They had also come to say that I was
a peder posted several images of me
on Twitter saying that I was a loser
and several other things a paragraph skips and
this really happened okay it was
absolutely incredible when this
This complaint happened after the fact and
It's because of the stones that I decided to go to
Manresa to the squadron monkeys there
with my partner to put one
The police report these people
who attended us told us that publishing my
number was not a crime with a couple of
eggs told me I remember this guy
Of course at this time I had
not the slightest idea of anything This to me
Come now and let's follow her to the
the end is that we're going to put you in the foot
the jail but I remember that the policeman
From that moment he told me that it is not illegal
and laughing he told us to come back
I don't know if I don't know how much we have
talked about the case of Marta del
Castle what happened to the father when
so that they would pay attention to the complaint
eh, so the father went there because
the house had smelled like fire, so take a look
the anger at the uncle's house with him
that he had seen his daughter for the last time
smelling smelling of cleanliness
deep ulta Javi after reuploading the
Stream a kiss Yes yes it stays re-uploaded and
I will also upload the extracts.
Powerful these days, Grandpa. Congratulations.
Javi loves you, we're going strong here.
and in
Terrible gentlemen like Wismichu
He thought he had caught a Saska
older than methuselah already
explained but well that's the tip
of the iceberg Haha let's see if you want to
I'll answer that okay I'm going to answer
that since you have put it in the
in the super chat okay I was
waiting to see when he would be talked about
to put it into the topic that there is a lot
people that there are many people that I
He is still accusing me of
I haven't answered, let's see, I already said
the other day on the live stream what I had
What to say? And I think I have not been clearer.
could have been, that is, if he had thrown me
or would have answered me what it was
discussion or even if he takes [ __ ] from me
that it's from the internet and things like that
I answer and enter the steak but
evidently what Win michu committed
the other day it was a crime as well as a
serious crime Okay then This is not
that it will be just one more for
the collection is the same as that which is created
This is not going to have consequences. This is going to
to have your answer is obviously worth it
that was part is the one they take as a puppet
so that he does these little things just like
They took it in 2017 to stain their
hands for others
an economic kiss Thank you very much for that
Ray to me that to me that of that
take a tolay for these things to me
It doesn't matter, okay, let's go with the people.
who is next to you and what they care about
for him because I do appreciate him
to my partner okay And no longer to my partner
but even to my friends I try to make them
my controversies affect you as little as possible
possible I don't send him to do that
Commit this type of criminal acts
okay because posting a screenshot that
violates my privacy
with the intention that he did it with the
Clear intention that he did it and with the
Clear confusion with another intention
behind also that he did it obviously
This has consequences and he knows it.
What happens is that you probably have them
assumed and as he said I can assume it
and maybe he won't even report me, no
no no This is going to have its answer and
when I already have the answer
prepared apart from apart from what
has to be done In these cases when
have
I will give you the explanations that I gave you.
I want to give you the explanations that
I want to give it to you but count on it going
to have an answer, but that's what I think
that people who know me and who
continues for years he knows it doesn't And you know how
are my answers no And you know that
When I say there is an answer, there is one.
Okay, I mean, I'm not a perfect being.
Surely in life I have committed
many mistakes but obviously what
there is something inside that capture no no no
First is that I don't have to give any
explanation about what I do what I
I write and what I such Or so no
I have to give any explanation nor is it
nothing bad nor is there anything bad nor is there the
context that they have wanted to give it
But well first the subject has to be addressed
clarify in one way and then
I'll give it the review I have to give it, okay?
personally personally from here
I want to send you a message and from here
You can take out as many tit as you want, okay?
because I this extract surely
apart from not exclusively for Augustine
But today they sent me from Agustn 51
saying Javi oliveira Javi oliveira
send key to Javi oliveira I haven't
seen respond with the cocky ones that you
you are the thread what Win michu has done to you
Hey what's up answer you are not one
exemplary person Look Agustn I'm going to you
say one
little thing, look how many people I've come across
silly in
internet look how many people I've come across
silly on the internet but you are
every day trying
to truly surpass anyone
you have the pigeon track in your head
I've already seen you challenging the thread and I've already
I saw sharing the thread on your
Stream and You're literally clapping
a crime Simply because in its day
I did get into your
bed is worth a day yes I got into your bed
and you're just clapping a
crime that I do not have to give
no explanation of the content I
I will give the explanations at my house, okay? And
That doesn't have the context that they do.
They are giving and there is nothing wrong with that either
something from 8 years ago that doesn't have
nothing wrong with it, I don't understand it either, but it is
that there would be nothing wrong with it even if
It would have been two years ago the first thing
Agustn is fine, but what are you doing to me?
trying to burn me for a thing of
my life
private you want to play that Agustn
You think I don't have videos and
audios of people's private lives
that reach me or that they teach me
The thing is, I'm not a
criminal happens that I'm not going to play
doing those things is fine but I can
answer I can even answer you
you or you are not
connoisseur you want to play that game
private life you are not aware of that
you had a very good relationship, let's go
call it a good relationship with a person
who is a very good friend of mine and I know many things
If I had gone with
evil not with evil but by skipping
what Ingrid has been saying around here about
he and for
what but obviously not I'm going to do
things legally where they should be
do them and then I will answer okay And you
Shut up because I'll burn you.
for what you do in public Agustn
not because of what you have done in the
school when I was little not even 8 years ago
with a girlfriend or anything like that you are
imbecile literally imbecile and I'm going to
answer something else on the way too
Hey, you said in your live stream that I don't
demands that you do not report to me Because you
It makes you lazy and bored and you don't want to lose
money Agustn do not sue me because
any lawyer you're going to tell him
that you want to report me because I tell you
racist and sexist laughs in your face You
you know what you would do that you don't even have
[ __ ] idea man and that's what you said today in
You direct, maybe you believe that you have
It has become very epic for those who
You have it there looking at you For the only thing that
you serve to play fortnite from where you are not going
go out okay you're never going to create content
explaining nothing interesting to you
audience because you don't have the capacity
because in fact, look, you don't have
capacity that you are saying that I do not
you complain because you don't because you don't don't don't or
whether you are saying that seriously is
that you have no idea about laws or
idea Do you think they are going to go to me?
condemn for calling you racist and
sexist if you dare to put one
complaint that would not be a complaint would be
a civil lawsuit and I'm going point
number one with The tweets where you
you call apes
Peruvians or with the clip from recently
where it said I'm going to [ __ ] Gemita or
many other things You think that I
me
You know what would happen to you
in
You know what would happen to you if you
demands other than that you would pay me the
coasts as the character of has done
Joan
flat to you what would happen to you is that I
you would pay the costs and give rise to
all the
world because there is a sentence that says
that telling you that is not illegal because you
with your tweet and your way of being in
The Internet encourages those opinions, okay? And
apart and apart having as a precedent
the little things you have said about
For me that's called courage, Retor Kendy, and
I have you where I am right now
I want you are very stupid but very stupid or
be you think you sound based on that
click that you sent me Do you think that
you sound crazy do it
complaints
you report all the things to the judge and
the barbarities that you have said to me
so I'm answering you and
putting you in your place
complaints to a judge who has retweeted and
that you have put on your Stream with thousands of
viewers some screenshots
mine that do not have to be published because
They are my privacy and you are applauding a
crime
complaints because you are calling the
Peruvians complain, let's see what it is
What happens if you report me? And then
we published the
fault you are mistaken about the person eh
you are mistaken about the person but you
you don't know how far
uncle with the printed things that he doesn't
could that he had no means to register
all that, so I couldn't print it
a Twitter page didn't feel like it
working basically gave us the
feeling of not being treated well and
We left without really knowing what to do
So we ended up not doing the
complaint since they had laughed at
we as if it were not a problem
serious what was happening
subsequently By the way the following would happen
Jeremy Vargas's mother doesn't even care about that.
I imagine the amount of pain he had
that woman suffered at that moment
I also have to live with the fact that
your own son disappears never
has heard nothing about what happened to Jeremy
Vargas, that is a topic that does not give any importance
closure to be able to know what happened to you
terrifying son the truth because
No one has stopped these people
things gradually little by little
They have gone further just a few days ago
They started posting pictures of me.
mother to publish my full name to the
my home address and a series of
threats like I'm going to make one
little job for monistrol monistrol del
town where I lived, okay, remember this
what monistrol is
important By
why
what why
this doesn't suit me this doesn't suit me
I was hoping what he said
it's not here it's here it's here it's
here it is here it is
here decada for later because we are going to do it
Let's see other photos, another clown. After
several months mentioning my address
Monistrol of Montserrat and saying that
Today Monistrol would come from
Monserrat told me to pay me a visit.
Today 15 7 2013 at 1:30 in the morning
I have experienced a very serious blow
strong in my yard When I looked outside
there were people who probably
It would be one of these two people and I put
the altar of the two friends he had in
that moment that was the MAXC and the Berlus
By the way, then Maxc explained to me
Calm down and see if you're going to be more
based on Dallas today raising it in tit to
top eh upload it in dude and tag it and
Let it come to you because I'm not going to upload it.
video that I'm not going to upload that excerpt
apart because I have nothing else to
say but I'm going to say it Okay then
I'm going to say something else later I'm going to say
Another thing is fine, but you have to upload that.
the permission to upload it wherever you want
it's worth it to go up click to
Youtube to Tito wherever you want, okay?
And let him run and report me, I'm not reporting you.
because I'm boring but if you're the one who has
slandered
firecracker that you had to get off
pants and felt
arm when you consulted what you were going to
pass
defamer was in the car with the
engine started ready to go like
cowards really very very very pathetic
after Also be publishing in
Twitter photos of my street photos of my
house on Twitter and also saying that
They were going to finish me off with all this. Although
it was them again auron Play and
the girlfriend were involved in it and
were on call with them after
This made the clown's account fill up
of threats towards me describing
exactly what I was doing in
that moment in my own house that takes
a blue t-shirt was eating me up
side on the couch with my girlfriend
describing my entire house inside and out
publishing tweets like today they lift stones
by Money Stroll and photos of the entry
from my house on the street of my house According to
I know these people are Mad, my goodness this is
complaint well handled with a lawyer
today my goodness, in Badalona that
It is d and they have come to Monist la Monrat
especially to attack me and here
I attached several files that also
They were saying that they were going to go
excursion on Wednesday that was published
Sara saying that she was going on an excursion
Wednesday and then here you have the
image they took of me with my number
Old and saying hello @d aazar from
I want to remind you that harassing
young girls is not well seen and puts
hashtag talas pays for the harassment, the harassment I
that they put my face on a rubber band and put
my number at that time no and here there was
other things saying it today we
We will have a great time anyway and more files
that are not in this part because
I guess they put her as an attachment in
the rest of the complaint I don't know that was it
Basically what I denounced in that
moment the day that happened why it happened
They got away with this very well.
It basically happened. It's that I was in that
At the time I didn't have a lawyer, I didn't know
even How the processes work
I thought they would call me to the courts
phone or something like that they called me
When I ask a lawyer, I don't either.
I found out that the lawyer had blinded me and
I basically moved and didn't have the slightest idea.
remote [ __ ] idea of when or how
It was the trial that they celebrate the
trial without me because obviously I don't
I was reachable and well basically
hold a trial without the witness
The main thing in this case is me.
I am the complainant they had
basically free rein to say whatever
They really felt like it, I remember by the way
that he wrote to me, I don't remember if it was
auron Play or if it was the girlfriend who
They continued on Skype saying that they were going
to pay 3,000 because they were very
annoyed because they had to move
from Badalona to Manresa was
approximately an hour by car and I
He actually wrote me this and this followed
deleted the message from
Skype was going to pay 3000 for the expenses
Obviously I never paid them anything but
Well, what about dedicating yourself to threatening
judicially with things that they have
done wrong because they did it many times
at that time So how did they come out
basically unpunished from that complaint because
so I didn't introduce myself, I didn't know I had
that introducing myself at that time was very
I think I was young when I
He held the trial 19 years ago and had no more
remote idea that I had to introduce myself
absolutely nothing and I didn't know how
those things work and that's it and
basically there was a clear path for
say whatever they were what they yes that
I remember that one of the police officers came
to my house to collect the evidence
Then he told me that they had done a
interrogate all of them and I
He commented in confidence basically
They were creating [ __ ] for each other
others apparently the friends who
They said they had been the
Others, the Auron and Villin, said that
They didn't know anything about what the others were
buddies actually all were
involved and basically it seems to them
They made a tremendous one there and locked it up
police that you flip out and they well
round zeros and they had been condemned to the
true if it hadn't been for the fact that I didn't
I had the slightest idea that that
I was there they had been condemned and I know that
On the one hand, Dallas destroying Wis.
Michu and Javi destroying Agustn Cara
rolling with laughter, yes, that Augustine
It doesn't matter in the slightest, I know that
him because this happens to almost everyone
all the characters of which
They talk here as if they believe that here
On this channel we are obsessed with
They because of course they see more than three
videos about them in a week and Oh
He's obsessed with me and I think they're going
like 10 people who believe that here
we are obsessed with them when
Here they make the video number
equivalent to whatever the controversy is without
more without more If you are not involved in
controversy is not spoken of
you without more is worth
eh And it burns and it burns and it hates and
the whole thing but come on, I have it
that really Or that is the one that the one that
say that nonsense the first thing I do
explain my private life he says
character that I explain my life
privately I ask you for explanations of
the
I ask you for explanations of yours
Private life from 8 years ago
you would surely be with the pacifier in
the
mouth is I have to explain to you neither
You have to judge that without knowing
and then out of a position
that would have nothing wrong with it
mm As if that would leave me at the same
level that
he that I am criticizing what he
now on the internet no but outside
apart from that applauding a crime and
stick to the snot that if he reports me
that he doesn't report me because he's lazy and
If you don't report me, you would eat my things.
you would have to pay the costs and I would
I would give an explanation here as to why I
You have to pay the costs. Damn, you're going to me.
to report after you had me
to ask for forgiveness because you slander me
directly that mine would have gone for
the
penalty they had a bad time at that moment
when I filed the complaint because they
They would really have been condemned and not
It would have been because I did not show up
denounce the truth and they would really have
been condemned they know it I know it
We all know it and the truth is something that
I always got angry about the subject
There are times when I get the feeling
That is, for not being the Excuse that I
I would have liked it to have been sometimes
I have felt the sensation that they have not
valued enough that I have been
too good
because the facts are not prescribed
But this doesn't concern me.
square or rather how they wouldn't be
prescribed if they have already passed a lot of
year then I feel that they were not
grateful enough to me, uncle
count all the bad things
that the other painful channels have not
analyzed Why it is possible that
you are supposedly a subject of Dallas
the most hated ytbr and at the same time you have a thousand
times more fame than they ever were
They are next to everyone
It seems that the world conspires so that
We all follow you, the Guay I don't know what
tell you, I mean, I'm seeing a little
the positions and who are those who are
next to each one those who are at
side of others
are more or less with the
same profile of those who are at
aside all the bad things they put me through
such a young age and it also seemed to me
always a little disrespectful what
they did not finish saying the
things as they should have been said is
Another thing I also have to criticize is
things that recently the Apology of
Sara Partly did apologize But in
another part seemed to be justified
too much Suddenly I was so normal
asking for forgiveness but suddenly c said
That's because they are jealous of me. That's it.
because they want to gain fame it's like And that
Not to mention when he half threatened
the mother that she was going to report me
it seemed
fatally clear let's see
Hey
Of course, of course, when I saw that and I saw her so
I say convinced. Well, it will be.
completely sure that he has not put
none
tweet all the good things you've said before
Ivay is quiet, watching the gossip.
ivay if you are watching us please
manifest yourself Do not do as yesterday
You were here for an hour watching us, gachon
and you didn't say anything, the moment falls away from you
in which you take and you put on that
literal attitude then also Auro La
he [ __ ] a lot saying inside the
straight from Sara she started saying no to me
I don't know why they put me in, I don't know why
what have they put in me, nothing to say to the
people that I will speak to directly tomorrow
a little bit about the subject but you don't know either
Wait because in my case they have put me in
for all the [ __ ] face I have not even done
black humor nor have I called anyone
They are putting it all over your face
Lu, I haven't even done black humor, he says.
there also to take videos of him
saying screaming I'm a Nazi I'm a
Nazi I am a Nazi you about him talking to him
parked that is a piece of sick and
Villa is a very brave woman
which you read that amputating the legs in
an attack by ETA, which was a group
Host Irene Irene Villa also has
video with Irene Villa is from Seville
It could be that Irene Villa is from Seville
I think he had a video with Fran
Fran recently came to Seville
for something by Irene Villa we were
saying do you remember terrorist that
There was in Spain at that time the
poor man suffered a bomb attack and
They basically had to remove the
legs and there was scum that they had
gathered from Twitter who were dedicated to
having a Twitter that is called parked
that sick piece of [ __ ] that should be
in jail on a Twitter basically
making fun of this is the one
woman This is the woman and why she is
foot in the
photo Look listen why is he standing in the
photo
That poor woman hadn't had that prosthesis
absolutely nothing and it was a lot of
jokes I never in my [ __ ] life saw him
no kind of grace and the truth is
I was from Madrid and I knew I was from Seville.
because Franco was saying recently
that he had come to Seville for one thing
go to Enevilla
say No is that in 2013 everyone
we did that I didn't do that in 2013 The
true, I see that I have things
questionable of course I have to
past that I said that now I am not
I agree with them but I make fun of them
a woman who lost her legs in a
terrorist attack or make fun of a
mother who has lost her son and does not know
He knows what happened to him, that is, they are things that
They seem to me to be another level of evil and I
I have never never never done it Obviously
that I have bad, ugly comments and
comments that I don't have right now
I agree with you in the past
saying things like I don't know maybe not
I liked, I don't know, the threesomes and then I didn't
I agreed with that or other things
policies in which I said before that
Now I don't agree but
Wow, a person wrote to me
see
has written me one
person to
see to
seeing is not true to the person who me
you are writing it is not true that you do not
together with certain people because
you have a tweet you have a tweet TR ago
days with them
No no, I don't have any problem
with you either but let's see
true the truth is saying this
true But doing that requires evil
It takes a lot, a lot, a lot of evil
question and the objective fact is that they were
Bad people were if they are now
That's the point where you don't know.
clear what the public attitude has been
changed that has changed since then
Many years ago Javi Skin, a friend of
Abi insulted you very strongly live on
Twitch chat is sending the link to
See, give it to me, Luare, please. Before
even from this funa that is a fact
Okay, it has changed, it no longer does the same thing.
for many years ago long before
not even of any kind of funa from
2015 I know they don't do those things because
less 2015 I think 2014 rather but
I know they don't do those things, besides the
fact that in the end the two of them
They will excuse me in their own way perhaps
but they apologized to me of course There is a
point at which you don't know either
you can be inside the head of a
person you don't know if he really has
changed if it is honest if it is not honest
you don't know if he's saying it because
wants to pass or enter the
hatchet or if it really
Honestly, he really regrets it.
those things are something you never know
because you are never in that head
person and that I would like to review a
little the past of Aon Play things that
He doesn't like to be remembered but
I want you to see what he was like because
It turns out that Auron Play in 2012
2013 There are uncomfortable things now, I put in
a lot with those who spoke very badly of them
geeks basically was a bully
things as they are, he was a real bully
who attacked people just for being
geeky because you liked video games
because you were on the computer that
It is now very fashionable at the beginning of
the 2010s and a little before was
mega criticized if you liked doing the
computer you liked video games
those of you who are very much criticized were very
Young people, you won't know that today.
Those of you who are 30 years old or older know that
A few years ago That was the worst of it
worse you said that you liked being in
the computer the games are anime or
Anything like that they called you Freaky la
word was geeky and basically it was
They all messed with you. Well, basically.
auron Play before messing with the
geeks he went out with get-togethers
In fact, I also went out to meet up
geeky
[Laughs]
Yes yes yes auron auron has already told me
These days nothing nothing nothing nothing Let's see no
nothing happens, I have, I have nothing
with you or anything like that but you
I'm saying what I remember from the video
The epic of Dallas marked a before and after
after the plot of this anime Dallas
the antihero who was always right
all this time let's see those of you who have
seen the video It lives up to expectations
that I gave you yesterday because I think they are
above what I gave you yesterday, that is, it is
more than what
You expected the worst thing about the topic from geeks.
that they really bullied him
attitude they have towards him because
above all, it is certainly above all
They bullied him with total disrespect.
explicit and we are going to see a video that he
He has never wanted it to be seen in fact
blocked through the Network and
managed to make it disappear for a while
time
the video the video oh my god this video
this video Ugh this video disappeared
before it could be found but this video
It is the video that is because it is
part if I have seen that
video [ __ ] makes me feel bad
because I've been there
situation I have been in that situation
at some point in life When
kid and I feel
I completely feel totally sorry for Auron
in that
video and this video has had to be
bother Ral that
come out and I must actually say that
When I found him again I told him
Ah this video is so funny
Why don't you make a reaction he doesn't
I wanted that video to be seen and no
I wanted that video to be seen by any means
The truth is that it seems to me that it is
made in the interview that I have with
Auron Play from last year when I made it
I interviewed her with Auron Play this year
past or the other
I swear I asked him about it.
bullying If you had ever been bullied
Bullying and I already know that I'll see the
interviews you know that I have
I really drove that character
So there is a skin in it that if
I'm not mistaken, this simp from de la Abi
I wanted more but I know it's something
that is growing we need part
three already and the video of
Sara you fell short and there is Abi
trust the level, eh, the level, the skin
This is a simp of Abi, that is, here
The only thing that came out is Hey, but I
has insulted him strongly to sue him in
plan of the stick of
demand for demand or are
nonsense but here the only thing that is known
has commented about him is that he was a simpleton
once but of course Abi liked him more
cares Sorry man if it takes that long
I'm so sorry life can't be done
get everything I want I would like
have the subscribers of auron
Play and I have the ones from
charisma and and says they are telling me that
They are telling me that in the chat I was
applauding the insults Abi that's it
I'm not surprised and Jimbo Jimbo to
Vero, let's see. This is not a fantasy.
I'm disgusting and I'm a piece of [ __ ]
bad person
Well then, we'll see each other.
King
kiss us
We'll see, I never messed with myself, I don't
you are responding to nothing one last thing
I contribute and I'm going to sleep. It's almost time.
midnight Thank you very much
thanks tremendous turkey tremendous clown
Jimbo, today they have left you well exposed, Tito
Today they have left you well exposed, I said it
the other day here live and there was
There were many moralists.
They said Oh but it is that it is
disabled Good is also
disabled in Pablo and chique this
the one from Podemos and what a piece Oy is in
new aki must be defending carch
that he is defending Carche gives me
I've never messed with him if it's true.
just as they are telling me privately
the insults that I will be saving today is
Ela How must they feel today?
losers who bullied him
auren now that they see him successful living
a great life XD be careful
Be careful, a content creator is worth it.
famous guy who hits on girls who know what 10
years and I throw myself I hit myself I shoot myself in
the [ __ ] If I had had 2 million
Followers you would have thrown at me
queen This guy is an idiot.
that I have silenced it because I'm an idiot and
that on top of that yesterday they were told that
wismichu told them about I don't know what
Made in the style of Javier Oliveira, I know that
you'll never hear this, man.
literally [ __ ] look I'm going to
block live and I don't give a damn about you
Wow you are cool dude blo Wow it's that now
I can't read it no [ __ ] [ __ ] yeah
you can yes I can Well but it is
[ __ ] as is, I mean, look what there is
There are few people that disgust me as much as
to do this live and in fact
I don't think I've ever done it, but it's just that
man all the tweets I've read from you
They are [ __ ], man, like you know when
you have a horse [ __ ] in front of you and
It smells like [ __ ], so you're transmitting that to me.
man and look what I have never done with
Nobody knows this, but he looks at me like that
There are disgusting people I've met
taken and I say okay it's a piece of [ __ ]
person but damn that's what it is but it is
that guy you disgust me
Literal eh Ugh we'll see Sky Rey apart
that I'm going to report you on Twitch for
Of course one thing is what I have with
Abi, I put this on him so he wouldn't have
I would like to put this to you another time.
but I put this because I had already
If I put up with it with you, I have nothing.
King I'm sorry if you were rejected if you were
has gone with carche or whatever you smell
expectations that you would have expected not to
I know that's what they're telling me in the
chat but no, we'll see each other is kin
that we will see each other that we
We'll see, okay, 100% Remember this, okay.
100% Us
Let's see about Jimbo, I would like to
I'm going to Jimbo it
Comment when the Jimbo clip arrives
When the Jimbo clip arrives, I'll let you know.
more than Jimbo is worth a video quite a bit
relevant to see a little of your
personality and its evolution as a person
and a small personal assessment of
general psychological profile this that
You see here it's basically a get-together of
geeks as they were known at that time
Now I say Who is Aon Play Hello the
this video eh And here
This one here is awesome.
auron Play quos well with his face because
What's going to happen next is
relevant is
he curious look look look look look
stand here
the amazing resemblance of flip-flops
auron Play with Sara's Although look
auron Play has it longer because
has more LoL viewers Greetings from
Florida I don't know the truth that I don't have
That kid's idea was the only thing we saw
Here once it was like I was very
simping but I already told you that is, I never
I have not even had insults for him
There isn't even a video for him that
I have been able to warm up. But then let's see.
lots of clips drooling a lot over Abi
look at it and see I don't know and I'm not interested
It's that I don't know who the truth is, I think that
We saw him once with red hair and that
He was left with a bad face because Abi
He went with Carche and but he has never been
insulted nor disrespected and
The best thing about the heat it has is that it
He wanted to give them as a little man with Abi
I don't know if that will be the case
hurt whatever But let Him know
Kid, what you did is there.
to compensate
nothing happens nothing happens each one
has to take responsibility for his/her
stop now
Please, Karime, certify the
Click if you delete it with a guarantor
apart from
send it to me please certify in case
delete it worth How many viewers
had How many viewers
You had Well just one comment that by
true not to say who is worth But today I
The trial date arrived with another
eh I don't know really it's that I don't know what you have
people in the head who believe that
if they do this in front of a screen
What they are like behind the screen is worth it today
I received a notification from a court
from the south of Spain and we have a date
for trial within two TR months I think
that has been two TR months Okay when
Whatever happens in the trial, then you
I'll say but let's see. There are things on the internet.
What I think is if you are
people do this in
internet that they don't do to you outside
camera Okay then when what happens happens
I'll tell you, but why do I say it?
because there are people who say that that that no
are these things reported or not no no
These things are not reported and I tell you
100% that Kain Kain is called No, not this one.
Kain will have to make up for that.
How many viewers
I had a man, let's see if you tell me
We are in a conflict with him.
caused somewhat by the
brutal face what brutal what me
just arrived when the thing arrives
Limbo I tell you
It's brutal what he just told me
arrive such but no not just a comment
They laugh at him in a group, another comes and
He dedicates himself to pulling something off his finger.
another one pulls back, they are laughing at him
It is a humiliation in the end
but this guy is the one who is
recording is a guy quite older than me
I met once on one occasion in a
I'm a youtuber, right? A guy is quite
rare to stay with teenagers for
also do a bit of bullying in
end, I don't find this very funny
type the truth Well we were seeing the
attitude they had towards him when he was
very young a demented mind about
everything but this is also
I don't understand much about this guy.
I wouldn't like to know this video
total context of let's see obviously I
I saw this video one day
a lot of times and I see it's a
attitude that I have experienced as a kid in
some occasion either that has been
super the Diana of bullying but yes that
I have lived it and I understand it, okay?
but but what I don't understand is this man
45 years old with those kids
what why would it be a meeting of what of
people who like
what this is now a play again something
They are laughing, I don't know if at him or if
another thing, look at what one is going to do
of his companions so suddenly by
all the very expensive, look
eh eh
wow
wow with 5700 viewers it's cool
luare
Thank you, get certified
[Laughs]
d today that this video is seen bothers him
In fact, this video knows him
practically no one has the slightest remote
idea that this video exists and clearly
He's not having a good time anymore
evidently auron Play was not doing it
having a good time here everyone was laughing
Another one said something like, Ah, come here, I'm here.
you suck it, look what
more laugh well we have reached
here to the Mare Magnum and now no more
We know what to do. Let's go there.
Hello, we are at a meeting and we are going to go
of purchase because it is normal in a
stay to go shopping because Albita has
ran out of flip-flops and Aon Play has us
Aon Play told us
I know yes yes I am from a store, look
that the auronplay is there all the time
asking him how many megapixels it has
man judging by the quality of the video
zero but it is literally an attitude
strange a rare social attitude a
social attitude of people
who literally suffer bullying and
while this old man is back
very creepy dating teenagers
extremely creepy but for some reason
This was not seen as strange in 2010,
This guy is recording. He really is.
passing him by and he's saying here auron
has brought this store I don't know what And the
another is trying to talk ask
says yes yes and is there all the time
trying to make some kind of joke
to make fun of him and look what he says
store that I usually frequent a lot AND
This is the rum shop
[Music]
Play has Hello kitties and stuff
he likes you to be amazed or whatever
What this clown does is stop him
cut off Ron Play and says he has
Hello kitties thing he likes
because if you like Hello Kitty
Then you are less of a pathetic man.
This old man is truly pathetic.
old this one because at the end of the day he
is inciting bullying among
teenagers when it should be the
adult person in pathetic end fixed the
brpl reaction what How many megapixels
How many megapixels does it have? Zero already
I told you zero megapixels the
maximum is not put on by
It doesn't say it here, it's stuck there
dancer you are recording Sorry it's that
I have the finger yes I have you didn't say that
you should have a Hello Kitty Go get her
Man, I'll buy it now, I have it here.
save okay look that again another
maybe the old man says go back to
buy Hello Kitty athletic man eh
That is, they literally bully him.
everyone and then automatically notice it
What happens when you are doing
bullying the old man the other clown to
take the opportunity to give a
what is clear is that
approaches where approaches come out to give
pun and then when brpl passes a few
seconds you have seen passes a few seconds
It stays like that and suddenly decides
return it to him as soon as he returns it to you
the whole group acts as a herd
to slap him
look literally
Well, let's keep watching because here we don't
I've seen this in my life.
lived worth or I have seen at best how
they did it to someone else too and
[Music]
others
p I think the topic of bullying turns me on
black eh today is something that I
It says black but come on, you can't
imagine
you can't imagine all kinds
eh You don't have to
[Music]
say
[Laughs]
Toc has a lot of veren di Play is a Lu
I am very ashamed, I heard it
what they say
pathetic I suffered from bullying in the
school because of my overweight and I feel bad
By Auron, seeing him like this makes me empathize
much with
he Yes yes Now dasas Explain the topic no
that after going through this stage of
your life then two things can happen that
you are more empathetic than you are
closer to people when you see them
someone suffering the same Okay when
you already have more capacity to defend yourself or
you have more power or whatever not as it is
the case of aur Play this people
what are they
so those of you who have children who have passed away
for this reason, children, cousins, nephews, you
you yourselves know that you can tell him 1
things that do not change or rather the one that but
It's not bad, it's not a bad thing, I don't consider it.
which is something bad to see how you are
that condition and I was like that as a kid
For many years they can tell you the
that they are and can advise you what
it means that you are not going to be able to defend yourself.
It doesn't come out that you have no evil, no
You have malice, you can't do it
defend yourself okay And then two can happen
things
Hey, what is it that later when you have
power you abuse or feel like that
you feel like that
you are returning the karma of the
What has happened to you in life with another
person and or something like that you know or
that they have more capacity to defend the
Normally what usually happens is that if
you go through the stage that then you
you have the power to defend yourself what
maybe you try that role a little but
then you usually empathize more with the
people who are going through what you are
passing you who do not
you consent you know Then I think that
auron Play surely Maybe in that
time of 2013 or Some years passed to
other side of the role that was seen with Power
and he came up and now he is in the
situation that when you see people passing by
This is why I bite you, listen to me.
jugular I bite you the jugular is life
Look at life Many times and this is going to
It may sound very vegetarian but life
Many times it is like that, eh, I mean no.
You can often be one way if
you have not gone through any circumstance
It is very complicated, it is very complicated that
you are a person who is totally
against this and you start defending
There are times when there is always something
someone very good and very and suddenly
be super against bullying and
know how to defend this one and but you
You start life as a child without
experience and you pass things on to yourself
better worse for you to acquire
knowledge life life is about
That and not everything you do in life goes
to be perfect many times Well, to the
better when you are a kid you will be in
circumstances that you may be
seeing in your face how they are
laughing at the hick from school
school bullying and you participate
even if you stay silent and look away
other side or laugh so you don't feel
rejected and not be laughed at and
put him in the group of the plague-stricken
you understand me it's life it's life it's
Life is life. You have to live.
situations and such And you go on learning, you go on
You know what I'm telling you is life is the
life no one is going to be Pro programmed
perfectly This yes this no This is
So don't laugh at this because that
person is feeling this is life
life, that's why I believe that all of us
They can bring out bad things in life, eh?
some worse of course but almost
everyone can get bad things out of us
life racist comments comments
sexist comments, things that give us
Shame on everyone what happens to everyone
we are not
recorded there the guy came out with these
geeks are the most curious thing about the subject of
new wait for my rating
staff
maybe only mine, the eyes from which place
I like
[Music]
toete me
you like it, you eat it all, I eat it
all lasit
[Music]
I'll go to sleep right away. The live show is
re-upload Yes the live stays up
kiss that
rests are things that are happening to you
Bullying, see what these people think
today I hope I wish I wish they would come out
These people are going to talk and repent, eh?
What will they think when they see Auron where he has gone?
arrived
something does something to him, something bites him or something
style and the other old rajos laughs
these F this gentleman fate this gentleman who
This gentleman will be 50 today.
long
Not this man who is with the kids
He will be around 50 or 60, trust him on this one.
video with this
[Music]
people and the video ends saying now
keep insulting the geeks, come on
Well, I'll republish this one.
million times why Because auron
Play was literally dedicating himself to
insult people but of all the
possible ways And only by the only one
fact of being a person that had
a somewhat strange aspect had a vision
stranger played the bully played the bully
He was totally a bully, the typical image
He and his girlfriend were school bullies and
your friends that is an undeniable fact
I honestly think that seeing your
attitude as he was already a teenager
almost approaching adulthood A
The best thing is that you are of legal age now
seeing the reaction he had with people
geeky which was clearly
bullying and he stopped
anyway I'm sure it has
had that kind of attitude in the
school too and a person who
during school he suffers from this type of
attitudes can take two forms after
If you react, you can become anti-everything.
This may long for what he likes
They were basically doing that I think
What happened with Auron Play I think?
that Honestly he was the child of the
everyone bullied him with slaps
sides and it was more than evident that
attitude was strange his attitude was
socially awkward and he didn't understand
how social dealings worked and
how he was going to behave with the rest of
people I think the only deal he got
of people in general throughout their lives
adolescence was bullying by
other children and other adolescents and
He ended up understanding that bullying
it was the right way to do things
because what they had done to him
throughout his adolescence and
childhood Play is a husband has a lot
Shame on what he says about Play he dedicated himself to
to publish a series of very tweets
pissed off by my criticism in which I
called that if [ __ ] that if it was a
searched for an answer instead of turning
better person what he did was become
the same as the people who were
and accuse him and for many years he
a real sick man returned on Twitter
I'm sure it happened to Sara
Exactly the same Even though
Sara there is no video of any kind
mainly based on the
comments I have recently said to Sara
I don't see it, let's see, I don't see it
I don't
I know but I don't understand. It's clear that I can never know.
people's past no but I don't know no
I don't see it, I don't see it either.
Maybe if you believe I don't see it, she does.
I see with more
mischief m that she had anorexia and
other types of mental problems I do not
I think he made it up, I think
that she did have anorexia because in that
time she never showed her body and
There were people bullying him for
be in quotation marks
fat girl I think she's telling the truth with that
I don't remember Sara having
That said, I remember anorexia
that has had you know that has been more
chubby and it was hard to lose weight That's it
that sounds to me like maybe I'm
making mistakes about things but instead of
focus on their emotional problems and
childhood traumas in adolescence
To overcome them, they focused on attacking
other people because they felt hurt with
the world again if they have changed No it
I know I don't know honestly I can only
judge what they have done publicly or
what they have done to me done to me
What they have done to me has been a
change certainly better than others
indifference and what they have done
publicly is also changing and they have
changed a lot auron no longer does the
content that I made on Twitter or on
YouTube at that time in fact those
videos have all been deleted
It seems that the videos that you have today
Today on his channel there are horrible videos
because people criticize you had to see the
videos that I uploaded at that time said
all kinds of insults and atrocities
YouTube wouldn't delete it So they have
really changed I'm not in his mind
to know but it is true that
Returning to this diagram I must say that
They did the same as the rest of
people that the rest of the friends
youtubers and stalkers were the ones
The only ones who apologized In fact, it wasn't
the last ones who apologized but
They were also the only ones who changed
actively Your content and the things that
were devoting themselves to doing while
others keep doing the same [ __ ]
made in the last 5 years that I believe
auron Play has not even returned
your opinion on anything or a single controversy
nothing has remained the most that in fact
There was a joke that Auron Play was going
with a raincoat on the internet no that
it was like s it became super warm from
suddenly not to have an opinion on anything, not to get involved in
nothing teem unless Aon Play me
agreement that said extremely
politically correct the world that has
In fact, some time ago there was a
meme that people wanted the umbrella
from auron Play because people never
I was making that meme a year ago though.
what the rest of the people did
Next we will see what they did.
rest of the people and especially the people who
He is criticizing them today.
They are not only just as bad as them
but they are a billion times
The worst have zero right to speak and
I mean it with zero but when
Let's get into this section of the video.
to want to die from the disgust that waiting causes
that you are going to
freak out
LoL is coming I have to be careful with
this part because it seems to me that in this
part
Okay, this is Jimbo's thing first, okay.
after what happened with Jimbo, what a mess now
I have to tell you something about Jimbo.
They just sent Eh okay there is one
part unhealthy obsession with always doing
whatever your girlfriend tells you if it's
Okay, I have to not share it here.
screen because they are shared
conversations of mine that have come out these
days to see I know you've seen it 17
million or 20 million people But
I prefer not to give it to him
repercussion Okay I have my reasons for
to do it that way, listen to me
[Music]
and well let's put this second one
part that I have to tell you I have to tell you
making contributions is worth this second part
Jimbo because there are many more things But
Now the Irises seeing in this diagram
which we will finish seeing at the end of the
video
Okay, let's see, I'll check it out, okay, yeah.
you are all subscribing
your finger hurts or something hurts you, it hurts you
the finger because I see
I see that some people are missing
subscribe to those you are viewing
live right now eh that YouTube it to me
goat eh here it says there are a few
Also, he puts it literally like that, eh? There are some
little cuties who are throwing themselves on the couch and
They are not giving it a like and they are not
Hey subscribe you sons of [ __ ]
[ __ ] hey how free subscribe now
same to all of you who are in the live stream
or I'm leaving, eh, that is, 4 in the morning I think
which is quite a considerable hour
to go to sleep eh And we have the
other half of the
video we have the other half of the video left
So right now I want everyone
world give it a like, subscribe and
I'm telling you to leave Prime like this.
Of course, eh, it's hard for me, let's go
I literally go to bed, okay, they're over
to subscribe 100 little people while
I said it, come on, okay, come on, okay, okay
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, let's go
to
Let's see a part that seems to me
very important Okay and very relevant
Well the whole video is being
relevant I don't know what is appearing to you
I don't know if it's overcoming
or or not the expectations regarding what
that I commented yesterday but I personally
I have seen several parts of the video
then comes another part about the people of
Twitter I don't know if there will be any barbs for
Win michu or something like that I think
there will be some bif but this is one
part about
Jolim that we just found out now
same one who has been throwing [ __ ] at me
a live and he just blocked me
Twitter and I'm very hurt jolinbo
because the truth is that I hated you a lot
but I was interested to see what you wrote
No
eh The other day the other
day it
I commented without having seen anything or knowing
that giving Jimbo was going to be an extract
it
I said I was watching Auron's video
Play of the time and I was analyzing everything and
Sara's tweets in context
were what they were a discussion between two
people and Jimbo was the drooling thing
No, the drooling was because he was
drooling over girls not on the internet
asking for photos of her tits and such, as he said
auron in the video no And of course these people
says oh but Javi is that he is a
disabled I don't know what I told you
in the previous extract is also a
trained the one of we can and often
element often element the things that
We don't know about it and people use it
like a tremendous populism, don't listen to me
the fact that he has a disability
physical does not prevent you as a person from being
questionable and do his little things and
what and what and what and what if the guy tells you
insults you or does something to you
answer eh but
of course the usual ones for
add fuel to the fire against Sara
were retweeting
Jimbo, the usual suspects, the opposing group
to Dallas is worth retweeting the whole thread
Jimbo and it's like you don't care that he's a
disabled nor do you care that Sara
I have said I don't know what in a tweet, I don't know
you are using it as a weapon to hit
To Sara As I see the situation it is a
pitched battle where everyone wants
save themselves as best they can by sinking the
others in the
process
Well, well, no, not everyone is the same.
level of things to throw in each other's faces and
Besides, I also tell you okay, but well, the
Jimbo's theme this is like when
They used Marta the castle against me
or now to Jeremy's mother, that is, no
They care about the victims, huh? To all this
people who have used jimbo do not
It matters whether he is disabled or not.
Poor thing, he was 15 years old and he is
disabled Javi how can you whiten
This no no no no dude was a piece the guy
It was a piece and I have seen this part.
Okay, and I was amazed because there is
a part that I didn't know the other day
We talked about it and I said be careful with what
Olimo, don't let yourself be carried away by it
populism that has been
disabled that does not make you good
person is worth it, don't let yourself be carried away by it
populism and the
good person nor to the others
people don't even care about their mother
Jeremy neither the child nor the other nor the south
day no they do not use it as a scourge against
Sara okay, that is how we will see
Let's see each case separately.
to see each case and each context no and I
Another piece of information has just arrived
exclusive to give you the voucher I just got
other exclusive information arrives
to give you what I cannot teach you
but I'm going to give it to you. Okay, now let's go.
see it because there are many more things to
I have noted more later Now yes
Let's move on to debunking some clowns
with a set of fame that they are dedicating themselves to
Now to take advantage of the funar train
losos to gain some fame and something
of relevance to them again we will
dispatch this guy quickly
from here that is called jimbo is a guy who
As a child he had a paralysis problem
that affects walking and speaking but
Don't be fooled by its appearance
because the truth is that it doesn't have any
type of head problem
simply has difficulty speaking
and walk in his time auron Play and the
girlfriend were dedicated to making fun of him and
post shitty comments on Twitter
about him for example the following
It's the parents' fault for making them believe
that can do the same thing as a person
Normally I didn't come here to feel a
sorry for no one I'm going to clean with the
drool comes out of your mouth every time you
you speak Don't make me talk about the context of
These tweets are that Jolim was dedicated to
send penis photos to people and
They leaked one, the guy didn't do very good things
normal neither in the context of
the
tweets Maybe today with the
fame they have and the impact they have
It is evident that they would take care of themselves and the
mentality they have and everything but the
context of Tet within the era
Well actually
[Music]
fact in fact that I have not seen that
Dallas has it
stuck
This is what we saw the other day, this capture
an answer to a kid if I am
[ __ ] you suck dick [ __ ] and you
You are so calm You don't believe it and you stay
so wide next and you to the one
[ __ ] sucking [ __ ]
imbecile, watch out, there we go, and you?
[ __ ] mother because what a kid to servant of
rude, disgusting
[ __ ], normal, you don't have mothers, you have
cancer of the disgust you cause
[ __ ] a little stronger another
[ __ ] more blocked with this me
I was pleased, go on
Normally I [ __ ] on your dead son of a [ __ ]
Jewish [ __ ] will be your [ __ ] you will be your [ __ ]
Sorry, go on and suck my [ __ ]. Oh no, no.
no, no, in short, F for F for him
direct and F for the monetization of this
tro okay please this t of wine and
Auron Play also has a video about
He and on Twitter in his day he was dedicated to
Making fun of him in his day is worth it to this one
kind of here that now you're going to see what
extremely false that is was of the
few people if the only one who
contacted him saying uncle you should
report Auron Play and his girlfriend for
bullying but this kid who has more set
of fame what else but good boy he
Uncle already has hair on his balls but
A while ago what he did was use
my contact towards him to become
Auron's little friend Play at the time when
that we get along badly for basically
get a little fame from him and in the
time when it was fashionable to talk
[ __ ] me and watch out because here comes one
very strong part the guy did an E
history with Dallas
This is the part I didn't know This is
the part that I didn't know, look at you, eh?
with what is clear, look at what
We talked about my thing at the time
history with
dala tremendous tremendous but there is more but
there is more you will see attempt to
manipulation where the guy basically
He was dedicated to explaining how I
you are very happy with the videos
that he did or that is at the time for
Join the My Story fame with
Dallas made a video saying
defending auron Play and that Dallas
He wanted to manipulate against Auron Play
Okay, he showed it to the parents and that I
He was the evil one because he was
trying to manipulate, imagine, or rather
Imagine my face when I saw this in 2017.
was and the number of people who would use it
against Dallas because he is disabled
with all the time of the other clown that
Now let's talk about him when I see
to this guy whom I tried to help in
his day with the bullying that they did to him in
internet and I see that he is dedicating himself to me
a video when everyone is
insulting me by calling me everything and dedicates me
a video to say that I tried it
manipulate to report rpl
trying to turn the guy against him
obviously he did the same thing everyone does
that instead of apologizing for what he did
was to keep his mouth shut and pretend that
absolutely nothing had happened here
instead of asking me for forgiveness of course
because that's what everyone does when they
They have realized that they have screwed him
With me they erase everything quickly and pretend that
Nothing happened here, ask for forgiveness no
That's not why because they are garbage
people and again I don't know if auron and
villin now they are really good
people or not but they are the only ones who
they have really apologized
the other clowns no no those not the
thing that the guy removed the video but
Obviously the Internet does not forget and always
There are ways to get it back, let's go
listen to what he said years ago Hello
To all I am Jimbo Welcome to a new
Javi p video my audio is important
video to watch Mario I'll listen to it first
Mario Have a glass of milk my weapon
Leave it warm, leave it already, you'll see this
Tomorrow I have to have balls that
After 8 months without uploading a video
I have to upload one talking about D but V
I have to do what I saw because I
I think you're telling me to know the truth. And to
that you have one more op than given is a
manipulator is the doctor manipulator I am
the manipulative doctor [ __ ] you see
What a villain, eh, I'm going to save you the
video because it is 11 minutes of pure
clowning is basically dedicated to saying
that I manipulate him to enunciate
euron Play let's get to the important part
which is what matters to us I am editing
the video and I want to leave an expensive thing
that I think I didn't say it when
I recorded it, he used his friends and his
girlfriend encate auron Play so that I
I said host auron Play really has
friends and a girlfriend that this child is the
who is now playing the victim
Twitter because they harassed me and villains
Auro is messing with me and surely he
He is also a really bad person.
but that is not so because one thing is he
his personality And then there are his friends
that he can't do anything as they are
Of course, its justification is in
that moment to defend auron Play and
Now he attacks him, of course, Auron Play
He doesn't manage his girlfriend and his friends of course.
his girlfriend and his friends bully him
Aon Play also does it again
Of course he can't do it
control and pay attention to what I'm going to say
Now here comes the big lie, huh?
I remember from Twitter but oh well More
I went ahead and spoke to Aon playy and said, "Hey."
Why does your girlfriend mess with me and your
friends and the only thing I can do is myself
He said I can talk to my girlfriend for
don't do it again and lie to me.
He asked for forgiveness but with his friends, go
He even asked you
Sorry Sara asked for forgiveness Okay
I have taught the other part the
conversations where I can't put them
the conversations evidently
But let's see the voices. I'm going to explain them to you.
more or less it's worth what I see
let's see what they have taught me
Seeing what Sara has taught me is not a problem for me.
can teach no one else what has been taught to me
taught Sara are her apologies with
He who the other day She didn't remember
having apologized to him and within
everything that was falling on him when he saw
This Jimbo spoke to him again and
He said again, Hey, I didn't know you were
had done harm if I remembered that you
He insulted me and such. But well, if you
I did so much damage I'm sorry I'm sorry
true I mean it was another time I don't know how much
and the jolinbo is a suda I can't teach
You know them but Jimbo doesn't give a damn. I mean, he does.
He's sweating it Oh well, it's okay
see It's that it's that as it is
stirring all this up on Twitter Well I have
revived I have revived what what I
It happened, you know, it's like the mother of love
beautiful he sweats for
complete Ah, that's the cani's account
tillero that the cani tillero's account
has mentioned again Ah okay okay the
most victimized person in the world who
Abel would say a kiss that the account of the
cani tillero that we have no idea about
who can be [ __ ] is that you go to
know there are so many people who would say the
same things as that account that does not
I can think of no one who could do no of
suddenly he started saying that as
Dallas and Auron like Dallas and Auron
Well, they are not killing each other, that is probably true.
have things in common and has returned to
remove it from the torso
naked has posted a screenshot saying
Look at the naked torso will be that inside
It will also soon be confirmed that Auron
also who will this be
person who lives it so much How curious
true So everything ended well And
then it seems that you are very bad
because Dallas is trying to put
This poor boy against Auron Play
when auron Play apologized to me and is
everything solved between us, how bad
Dallas who is trying to make J her
He reported me and asked for forgiveness. Oh, but what?
It happens that now this guy when he
it is convenient to suddenly
I know the thing is I can't get through
stop everything that Bin told me But there is
a part where it says that it is never
excused does not put to shame to the and also
with two eggs he says I know it's been 10
years and surely regrets it and asks
apologize publicly but never to me
He came to me personally to ask me
sorry what
balls What balls What a liar I am
He asked for forgiveness, it's that they are all one
Liars all uncle and they have been
using this
boy is that I saw him messing with a boy
disabled
to spank uncle I told you in the
extract and I didn't know this eh this about Mi
history with Dallas I didn't know but you
I said this guy was not clean
This guy was not clean wheat if that is the case
In addition, it is also good with Auron
Play but it's not like it was
well with auron Play It's that I also
just came to mind something that
Dallas doesn't say it in the video because I
You said it on the live show and and and
I haven't even checked it but I
You said that also
When was the day that Auron made
direct saying goodbye on Sunday I think
what was it I don't remember what day this was
boy showed up there donating to auron
Play well auron Pelillos to the
sea
You scoundrel, I swear, I'm sitting here.
that I'm living in the Truman Show
I promise you, I feel like there is
constantly cameras recording me and that
I'm the only one who makes sense of this
[ __ ] shitty story they are so
such false liars, damn it. It's that
truth makes me think that really A lo
better I'm the one who has a problem
that I am the one who has a problem
be honest about things this guy
basically what now is dedicated to becoming
the poor little victim because oh look at me
Poor thing, I had paralysis.
small facial does what it wants
It suits you when it suits you and everything has been
This child said in 2013 that he was dedicated to
insult the
people on Twitter and sending photos of
his member also that he even takes it
They leaked the times that he sent it
It was a white dove because its
behavior was at least toxic and
basically the year 2017 like the whole year
world called me everything, look what
Emi said that this is very strong, eh?
guy, I wanted to explain to you how I
I try to manipulate by pretending to be
your friend today is true and I hope that you
make a cross that you do not follow them anymore
During this guy don't follow him anymore
Do you know anything about whether Auron will respond?
to this video By the way Good night
handsome what I know is that you
I know you were [ __ ] me, you don't care
answer to see what I know is what I said
yesterday that he will return that when he returns to
go back to the sack
Aha, by the way, there were a lot of people.
as if to say that my exclusive
yesterday that was a piece of [ __ ] that was little
thing and as let's see you have understood the
exclusive you have heard well all the
exclusive that was little
something that Auron may not return
never and returns to bron Play as a
crazy you know the nonsense almost nothing
Anyone would have said it yesterday, you know
see another thing is that suddenly when
things calm down because you too
I say that when you are involved in
In the middle of the intense funa that they are doing to you
burning your mind you know but
then at the end when the days pass you
you realize that you see everything has already happened
It happened, it wasn't that bad, so I hope.
that does not back down at least a couple
I didn't really spank you, I'm not telling you the truth.
maybe super crazy like he told me yesterday
but in
plan let's see I would say it's super crazy
I mean, I'm the one he hooked up with and the one who
I know of people who have taken advantage of this
If I were him, I would go super crazy.
bag with nothing to lose and without fear of
success that is not worth it or rather is a
careful manipulator and all that has
come out of the light that has renunciations of
child abuse that asked for photos because
uncle and I think we are left with nothing
big balls eh what
what balls what balls
Hey, what balls, there are many things that
We don't know, it's incredible what this guy is doing.
impressive what a pair of balls that
has after calumi arme
openly After I have
interested in him because he was
doing Bullying and I recommend him Hey
Uncle Denounce what he does is take advantage
that conversation I had with him for
say I manipulate myself Ah But of course
You know it's a funny thing that when you
It suited the guy now he's catching
auron and villin but in his day Ah in his
day in his day he took pictures with
Auron no no but yes Auron was
even to see it I think it was no no it
I can say because I don't remember 100%
but it sounds to me like Auron had to go
for
something Hey hey I'm so sorry for the
Coando forum members are trying to get me
sending me a message telling me they are
in the forum talking right now with a
whining about the issue of the last 47
seconds that can't I'm sorry of
I'm really sorry, forum members.
for next year you get it for the
What's coming? You've been there since 2019.
counting with the counter the members
that I lost in you know already for which
It's coming now for the one who is sure to come
you can enjoy and things will work out
good day Look with auron now that
It is frowned upon, I attack him, that's how they all are
These clowns really cannot be beaten.
give no credibility because they have no
none of them do what suits them when
It suits them to join the crowd when
It suits them I always refuse to
I'm joining the crowd, I refuse, I don't want you anymore
I'm going to applaud you Oh poor thing when you don't
is that it has been just as bad as he is
which has been worse than him because again
Auron Play was very bad, a very bad person
But at least you apologized.
clown you have never in your life had the
balls to apologize you deleted it
all
a [ __ ]
girl one
what a [ __ ] but what girl has given away 60
members right now and it is
Pela or mean but what girl has given
right now 60 members and he doesn't give a damn and
You're all asleep, kids.
Do you want us to go to bed and not see each other?
the part that remains to us
eh I don't see I don't see the lik let's see what
I see the like
I don't see enter 2000 and something is to go
to bed eh Let's see what I
see let me see
2843 likes 6000 people here to see this
It can't go on like this, it seems like a mistake to me.
of respect for the people who are here
sweeping the streets right now until
Now it seems to me a lack of respect for
complete everyone a like everyone
world a member that I'm going to take out
member and I'm going to put it here on the
table and I'm going to break it
desktop for those of you on Twitch
leave the Prime
everyone did it too but you did it
deleted everything and you have kept quiet and you have not
apologized to no one and me in 2017
After I tried to help you
You start saying that they should cross me and that
everything they say about me is all true
what a pair of balls really what a pair of
eggs I swear I wish I had started
to respond to people like that before because
In 2017, I didn't respond to anyone.
Nobody incredible these people Oh and by
Of course, no one remembered the guy, but
After all this admonition, I
You have given me back the desire to do something
that other
[Laughs]
straight dude it's that it doesn't fail it's that it doesn't
fail uncle if the mother doesn't fail
that gave birth to me Ah ok Okay well that's fine
well for little fame no what's up What's up 2.6
2.6 million views on tweet
millions freak out Eh freak out there are other cases
not even in my day with my story cona
got this more than other clowns
that is out there that in its day was
Auron and Sara's little friends who were doing
exactly the same [ __ ] as them
but the truth is that they are
so irrelevant to this story and
there are so many and all of them
streamers Yes, let's see, I know they don't come out in
this video Felipe
Hey
roleplaying people like that
Okay, from here I'm going to say something, man.
I'm going to say it very
calmly as calm as I have
answered agusn 51 okay people like
kido that in his day two years ago I think
that was or I don't remember how much we talked
things on the phone he told me that
I was going to apologize to Dallas in a video
publicly
I told him that if he deleted something I told myself that
I don't have the [ __ ] conversation in case
denies the I can't stop seeing people like
kido to people as roler to people
as Luis genders people like a
a lot of people like this who have more or
fewer stories that are just as murky as
many were okay and kept their mouths shut because I
you are clicking and clicking and clicking
and risking things that have nothing to do with it
bad because there is nothing wrong with it
what I do in my private life or what
I have done 8 years ago in my life
private eh In fact you should be
condemning a crime that would be logical
calling me a jerk calling me a lot
of things and you are there pi Pin Pin and now
If I answer you, you're going to call him ugly, okay?
because surely with a simple video
I crushed you to leave me alone because I don't
I'm telling you nothing
Okay, and I usually dedicate myself to answering
the people who attack me and you have to
shut your mouths because
really
really what I do in a few
private conversations have nothing
bad but what you have
They have a lot of bad things and I have everything
Okay then, keep your mouths shut because
maybe not even with a video
Maybe I'll crush you with a TikTok.
shut your mouths because later if you
I answer You are going to
cry you want me to
answer do you want me to
reply and let's read here what you are asking me
saying after you know what
I love you that
answer I ask eh Hey I'm here
chill tomorrow I open the folder a lot
little trash and I respond to everything eh that to
I have not answered another one because I am going to
answer elsewhere and I will answer you
when the time comes
Hey, don't let the other guy think he's put it
some captures and he has committed that there and that's it
there is no no no man the other other other
the other ASSUMES what is going to happen to him
not that I could have played the same
that the other passes it on, that I have another
intelligence which is another capacity that
he doesn't
has a kiss a kiss to everyone A kiss a
kiss a kiss to all the new ones
members a good kiss to those of you who are here
entering this extract right now by
Please subscribe to the Channel so that
cry the
forum members are telling me privately
by email specifically they are telling me
that there are some tears there in the forum
I think you can't even walk now
same as they are like splashing Hey what
I've been saying it for 3 years.
truth and reality people think
people have the capacity and well, let's go
Here we go to this third part of the
video is not the third part as such
enters episode two of the video
There is a surprise third episode that does not
I'm going to give a spoiler, but anyway, then
We'll see and I hope you're enjoying it.
Okay, video. It's long now if you want.
I make another video apart just talking about
That's what I think has to be done
video art of all these from Felipe Y
of all of these once and for all, it's worth it. I know.
I think there has to be a part if
They want to give without filter on this part
because for me for and for anyone
knowing how Twitter works is worth it
You will know that behind this funa apart from
that the interview with itaa has coincided
behind this funa there are several
characters which are mentioned here
some of them who have
contributed to this funa having the
the virality that it has and has been able to
execute these same people
and others Okay michu and his my and his I don't know if
your mother-in-law or whatever has been going on for years
trying to make this funa take place and
It has never worked for them but this can be done
test publicly at any time
Okay, listen, the funa is everything.
your responsibility not all the funa no
It is their responsibility they have done it
been trying for a long time
until now it has finally worked out, okay?
but for me for anyone who knows
how the internet works eh Only
you have to go to their accounts what
elegant Javi sees you super handsome and me
love the atmosphere to react Haha
Thank you very much, thank you very much for me.
Of course they are people who have contributed to
that this becomes important and they have
Casting fire into the fire is worth or in other words
I have a very clear plan, okay, I can't.
share right now to see I know I know